Elton De La Rey Jansen had to wait for the City of Cape Town s rules committee to decide the fate of his career as an entertainer.Jansen is not only a DA councillor but an accomplished musician who has shared the stage with Josh Groban and Dianna Ross has starred in movies is a voice-over artist and even a radio presenter. But in order to remain in the spotlight he had to get permission from council.Jansen claims the ANC had taken issue with him being an entertainer. However the show will go on for Jansen as council has approved his application. There are a lot of councillors who are doctors and lawyers and they are all practising. When you become a full-time councillor you have to ask permission from council to continue with your other work. You need to motivate that it won t interfere with your council work said Jansen.The Macassar-born performer has been in showbiz for almost 15 years and said he has worked hard to make a name for himself. Therefore he said his political responsibilities will not be affected. When I appeared before the rules committee I said that at this stage of my life I don t go to every audition or casting. I decide which ones I go to because I can t be standing in long casting queues. It is about time management. As anybody in this country I have rights. I can put in leave and use my leave to go to castings as I have always done in the past said Jansen. Before I became a councillor I did do work with the City of Cape Town. When I became a full-time councillor I declared to them that I have worked with the city in the past [as the master of ceremonies] at events said Jansen. Jansen 40 even appeared in Leon Schuster s movie Schuks Tshabalala s Survival Guide to South Africa as a homeless man. Initially I was asked to blow a vuvuzela and I couldn t blow the vuvuzela I declined the vuvuzela blowing part and decided to audition for the man playing the guitar and I got it said Jansen.He has also played Nelson Mandela in a theatre production and performed alongside Groban and Ross in 2005. 