The dream move for Orlando Pirates players who joined the club this season has turned into a nightmare due to the Buccaneers woes. Pirates are about to conclude a disastrous season having finished outside the top eight for the first time in the club s history in the PSL era.The side lacked the fighting spirit that saw them reach two continental cup finals in three years.The Nedbank Cup final against SuperSport United at Moses Mabhida Stadium on Saturday offers the Buccaneers a chance to make amends for their woes and also return to playing football on the continent.Marc van Heerden and Abbubaker Mobara would jump at that opportunity to finally have something to celebrate in Pirates colours.Van Heerden joined the Buccaneers from Chippa United in January in what was a dream move for the leftback who has also been on the books of AmaZulu and University of Pretoria.Van Heerden though hasn t had much to enjoy in his new home.In his debut the Buccaneers lost 6-0 to Mamelodi Sundowns. The Ghost invaded the pitch in an attempt to attack their own players. When you sign for such a big club like Pirates you get a feeling of joy fulfillment and all that Van Heerden said. But when you walk in the streets and your supporters see you and start saying negative things towards you that makes it hard to juggle those emotions."On a personal note you are happy that you are here but you aren t happy because the team isn t doing well."As a professional you have to keep going and keep working hard. You have to rectify those mistakes and try to move on from that. Mobara s situation is bitter-sweet.His senior international career has taken off since joining the Buccaneers before the start of the 2016/17 season.He went to the Olympics last year after signing for Pirates and was recently called up to Bafana Bafana. For me coming from Ajax Cape Town I knew that I was coming into an environment with a lot of pressure Mobara said. I didn t want to come to Pirates and have the bad season that we had. But it s something that helps you to grow it brings out a better character in you."You know that the team is doing badly but that s when you have to show your consistency. Do you want to just listen to all the negative talk or do you want to help the team turn things around?"This helps you to be a stronger person tomorrow. You are driven to fix the situation knowing that people are talking badly about the team. - TimesLIVE