An extensive manhunt ensued after the bodies of a young mother and her two-year-old daughter were discovered in Atlantis in the Western Cape on Tuesday.On Thursday evening police spokesman Lieutenant Colonel Andr Traut announced that a 35-year-old suspect was arrested in Bellville Once charged he is due to make a court appearance in Atlantis on two charges of murder said Traut. We will fight crimes against women and children with all our resources and will pursue every avenue to ensure that (criminals) face their day in court. On Thursday Times Media revealed details of the incident which brings the number of murdered girl children to 22 in the Western Cape this year.Local councillor Barbara Rass said Octavia de Bruyn 23 and little Cleo had left home on Saturday to visit her friend who usually braided her. But she never made it back home. Nothing was stolen.Rass claims there have been two similar murders in Atlantis in the past four years: one where a mother and her child were murdered and another where an eight months pregnant woman was murdered. The police are busy working hard on the case this time. We want the same attention to be given which was given to Franziska s and to Courtney s case said Rass.The murder of 16-year-old Franziska Bl chliger in Tokai forest made headlines last year while the more recent killing of three-year-old Courtney Pieters prompted a visit by President Jacob Zuma to the gang-ridden Cape Flats where she died. The same attention must be given to all the women and children who are being murdered now. Every day there is a women murdered every day there is a child murdered Rass said.Western Cape MEC for community safety Dan Plato said he would raise the incident and the unsolved cases with the provincial police commissioner. I have faith in the police and the community supporting the police that these murders will not go by unpunished. I condemn in the strongest possible terms the brutal killings in Atlantis and each and every case of violence towards women and children in the province said Plato.