Property developer Gil Dezer owns 29 cars. And he plans to admire some of them from his couch in a swank Miami high-rise building, with the ocean in the background.Yes, Dezer is planning to park the cars in his flat.Miami's 60-floor Porsche Design Tower - the first of its kind in the world - has glass-enclosed lifts that bring sports cars up to the plush homes of their owners.The residential skyscraper, which has 132 units and opened in March, is the latest of several super-luxury buildings dotting the Miami coastline.But what if you don't own a Porsche?"Why wouldn't you have a Porsche?" asked the 42-year-old Dezer, who developed the project at the request of the German automaker. Of course, if you paid between $5.5-million (R72-million) and $33-million (R432-million) for your flat, chances are you own a Porsche.The tower, which was designed by the Sieger Suarez architectural firm, is located on Sunny Isles Beach, a barrier island off Miami.The flats include balcony pools, all with a glorious view of Miami Bay, high above the pristine sands. But the building's signature feature is of course the three R524-million "Dezervators" - named for the developer - that lift the vehicles of the billionaire tenants into their living rooms."If you love your car and you see it as a piece of art ... this is the kind of place you're going to want," said Dezer, who also played a role in the rise of Trump Palace and Trump Royale on Sunny Isles."Instead of hanging your art on the wall, you have your art right behind your glass divider in your living room."Tennis courts, saunas, gyms - those amenities are banal by Miami standards. In the southern Florida city's uber-luxurious market, "Dezervators" are the kind of thing needed to impress the super-rich.From the balconies of Porsche Design Tower, you can see the twin 16-storey towers of Prive, also designed by Sieger Suarez. The complex is located on a private island connected to the mainland by a members-only bridge. How much will it cost? A cool R26-million to R104-million.At The Grove at Grand Bay, designed by Danish architect Bjarke Ingels, two 20-storey glass towers twist up into the sky with views over the waters of Coconut Grove.The towers have rooftop pools - and a pet spa."Generally, if you're going to do anything wild and crazy, Miami's the place to do it," Dezer said. "This was a test bed for us, and the market here was always very good for new things."The south Florida real estate market lost steam last year due to the US presidential campaign, but experts predict it will stabilise this year."Pricing is adjusting to reflect more supply on the market," said Antoine Charvet, corporate communications director at Integra Realty Resources.But for Dezer, the Miami luxury market is in a world of its own, immune to market ups and downs. For Charvet, south Florida is "the French Riviera of the eastern United States, and Miami is Monaco".