Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon are hoping to keep South African junior international striker Liam Jordan for next season.Jordan spent the last campaign on loan at the club from league champions BidVest Wits but played just 60 minutes for the club s Under-19 team.But the 18-year-old was the youngest member of the team s reserve squad which campaigns in the Portuguese second-tier and has been told by coach Lu s Martins that he will feature more in the 2017/18 season if he remains at the club.Jordan s agent Glyn Binkin and Wits CEO Jose Ferreira visited Sporting earlier this month and the club are keen to keep the player. They want him to stay and we are in discussions with them but nothing has been finalised yet Binkin told TimesLIVE.Jordan says that although game-time has been limited he feels he has grown as a player during his year in Portugal. In total I have played 60 minutes for the Under-19s in eight months so it is a very slow start " Jordan told TimesLIVE."But in saying that I m learning things about football and about myself that I wouldn t get if I was playing every week. I am learning a new side of football and I am taking it as a positive. I am 100 percent a better player now than I was when I joined they push you in training you learn so much there. I have grown tactically and physically. When I compare how I was before I went to Portugal to now to me there is no comparison. I have settled in I am very comfortable with the people and the club."Obviously I am not comfortable with the fact that I m not playing because that is the most important thing as a player but in terms of culture and environment I am delighted. The culture is very easy to get used too I have picked up the language as well. The players are great they love me and I love them we are all brothers now. So it would be a shame if I had to change country. Jordan campaigned with Amajita at the recent FIFA Under-20 World Cup in South Korea coming off the bench against Japan and starting against Italy.Although he did not get on the scoresheet the teenager looked the part and remains a top prospect for the senior national team in the years to come. - TimesLIVE