The EFF has piled pressure on the DA, calling on it to remove its former leader Helen Zille from her position as premier of the Western Cape.The EFF believes that the temporary suspension of Zille pending the investigation into her tweets on colonialism was not enough.Yesterday, EFF leader Julius Malema said his party cannot associate with a party that believed in white supremacy, and should Zille not be removed as premier, they would withdraw from voting with the DA at municipalities nationwide where they had formed coalitions.After last year's local government elections, the EFF went into an arrangement with the DA at several municipalities around the country such as City of Joburg, City of Tshwane and Nelson Mandela Bay.Malema speaks: Let's not thank whites for black genocide "They [DA] want Jacob Zuma removed, but they cannot apply the same rules to their own. They must be warned, we will not associate with a party that associates with colonialism. . They must remove her as premier - [the] same thing we demand from the ANC, we must also demand from each other. We will stop voting for the DA and at those municipalities, we will not vote for anyone ." Malema said.He said the DA leaders were undermining party leader Mmusi Maimane and they [the EFF] would protect him."Those whites are giving him a tough time - they are undermining him. Zille is prepared to collapse these things because of her ego," Malema said."To allow her party to deteriorate in her name will compromise the 2019 project to remove the ANC," Malema said.Maimane said: "The DA is a party of due process, not an authoritarian party. The party's federal executive decided to suspend Ms Zille pending the outcome of her disciplinary hearing which starts tomorrow, 9 June. We will await that outcome before a decision on any further action is taken."Mr Malema himself has said many things in public that I do not agree with, and that are offensive and threaten the project of reconciliation in SA. He must not be hypocritical."If the EFF is happy to 'fold their arms' and abstain from voting, then the people of South Africa must know that it's the EFF who handed power back to the corrupt, Gupta-controlled ANC." WATCH: Top 5 quotes from #MalemaUncensored interview 