It's D-day for President Jacob Zuma as members of parliament prepare to vote on the motion of no confidence today. In the wake of this highly controversial vote, we take a look at presidents who have been ousted from their positions of power around the world. 1. South Korea - Park Geun-Hye Geun-hye is the most prominent figure in a wide-ranging corruption and cronyism scandal. She and her longtime confidante,  Choi Soon-sil, were accused of conspiring to pressure companies, including Samsung, to donate large sums to two nonprofit foundations Choi set up. Park Geun-hye was the first democratically elected South Korean president to be forced from office. South Korea's constitutional court upheld a parliamentary vote to impeach her over a corruption and cronyism scandal. 2. Venezuela - Carlos Andres PerezPerez was accused of embezzlement and illegal enrichment. He was suspended in May 1993 and his dismissal was confirmed by the Congress on Aug 31, 1993. A 49-member Senate unanimously confirmed the Supreme Court's decision to try the president and two of his former Cabinet members. He was forced by law to step down from his post, marking the first time in Venezuela's history a president has had to resign amid corruption charges. 3. Equador - Abdala Bucaram Bucaram was accused of siphoning off public funds. He was dismissed in 1997, six months after his inauguration as president,  for "physical and mental incapacity." He cavorted with dancing girls on television, recorded a pop song, lunched with Lorena Bobbitt, the notorious American penis-chopper of Ecuadorian origin, and, according to prosecutors and the US Embassy, stole as much as $100m (£50m) from the public purse. Bucaram was ousted by congress. 4. Peru - Alberto Fujimori Fujimori tried resigning from the presidency by fax from Tokyo in 2000, claiming Japanese nationality through his parents. During his 10-year tenure as president, he was linked to various crimes ranging from illegal telephone tapping, inappropriate use of state funds, to state-sponsored massacres. Congress refused to accept the resignation and instead voted to fire Fujimori and ban him from public office for 10 years. Extradited, he was jailed for 25 years for having ordered massacres of civilians and for corruption. 5. Indonesia - Abdurrahman Wahid Wahid was accused of incompetence and corruption. His style of leadership was often perceived as bumbling and chaotic. Hope was lost that he would help lead Indonesia through the transition from authoritarian rule to democracy. Wahid's presidency ultimately collapsed amid moves to declare a state of emergency when faced with impeachment over allegations of corruption and incompetence, and he was sacked by parliament and replaced by Megawati. 6. Lithuania -  Rolandas Paksas In 2004,  Paksas was ousted by impeachment after being charged with granting Lithuanian citizenship to a Russian businessman in exchange for a payout. He was banned from standing for office in Lithuania, but was elected to the European Parliament in 2009. 7. Paraguay - Fernando Lugo Lugo was forced from the presidency in 2012 for dereliction of duty following his handling of a land dispute that left 17 people dead. 8. Brazil - Dilma Rousseff Rousseff was ousted after the Senate voted on Aug 31, 2016 to impeach her for illegally manipulating the national budget. In 1992, Fernando Collor de Mello, accused of corruption, resigned from the presidency at the beginning of his impeachment hearing before the Senate. 9. Israel - Ezer Weizman In 2000, rather than facing possible impeachment for tax fraud and corruption, Weizman resigned from the presidency. In 2007 president Moshe Katsav resigned as part of a plea bargain after being accused of rape and other sexual offences. In 2011 he was handed a seven-year prison term, before being freed in December 2016. 10. Guatemala - Otto Perez Perez was accused of being part of a ring of officials who took bribes to allow companies to import goods without paying import taxes. He was stripped of his presidential immunity by parliament in 2015. 11. Libya - Muammar Gaddafi Gaddafi was a Libyan revolutionary, politician, and political theorist. He dominated Libya's politics for four decades. His time had come when he turned his guns on protesters and sent his army to cleanse Benghazi, prompting Western powers and NATO to open up a campaign of aerial bombing that allowed rebel forces eventually to oust him. Gaddafi died of wounds as fighters battled to complete an eight-month-old uprising against his rule overran his hometown Sirte. His killing, which came swiftly after his capture near Sirte, is the most dramatic single development in the Arab Spring revolts that have unseated rulers in Egypt and Tunisia and threatened the grip on power of the leaders of Syria and Yemen. 12. Egypt - Muhammad Hosni El Sayed Mubarak Mubarak ruled Egypt for almost 30 years until he was swept from power in a wave of mass protests in February 2011. Judicial officials announced that Mubarak, along with his two sons, Alaa and Gamal, would stand trial over the deaths of anti-government protesters. It all came to an end in a televised address on 1 February 2011, following mass protests in Cairo and other cities. Mubarak announced he had decided not to stand for re-election later that year. Mubarak was acquitted earlier this year on all charges of murdering protesters before he was ousted in Arab spring uprising in 2011.