Pitso Mosimane would like to sign Lebogang Manyama who he described as a Sundowns player in the forward s style of play but indicated he might not be willing to break the bank for the Cape Town City star.Mosimane revealed that he played a role in Manyama s early breakthrough into the Premier Soccer League at Ajax Cape Town.Speaking as Mosimane was announced as the PSL s coach of the month for February on Wednesday and Manyama player of the month the Sundowns coach was asked if he would be interested in signing the league s current joint-top-scorer sitting next to him. Why not? He s a good football player. I have a history with Lebo that maybe you don t know about Mosimane replied. I played a role for Lebo to play in the PSL. Maybe he never thought he would play in the PSL and I told him he had to. I spoke to Ajax and through his agent Maimane Phiri I put my weight on [then-Ajax chairman] John Comitis and said Have a look at this boy I think he s got something . And the rest is history he s here winning all these things. So I know him very well. And ja it would be nice to have him. But he belongs to another club. And you know what happens when Sundowns want a player it costs R10 million."It costs the same as what you win for the PSL title. It took us two years to sign Vila (Sibusiso Vilakazi). I don t know if I want to go through that again. But it s not up to me. Both clubs must speak. And (City coach) Eric Tinkler would never be happy to lose his most important player. (Now-City chairman) John Comitis would never be happy to accept losing a player who just won him the Telkom Cup. But I don t know we ll see. We d like to have him why not? He scores goals and he s a Sundowns player. He plays the way we want to play. Manyama clarified the role Mosimane played in the early part of his career. They had a team him and my manager Maimane Phiri in Alex (Alex FC) that they took me to the SAB League from the Sunday leagues the City forward said. I was there for a few days and he (Mosimane) told me I could play in the PSL but I had to push. I stayed in that team for about six months then he told me I must go to Ajax because he was very close to the coach there at the time Foppe de Haan. When I went there it was all because of him. And we ve had that father and son relationship over the years we talk a lot. I m very grateful to him as much as Maimane Phiri for the opportunity. And for him to speak so highly of me after what he s achieved is really something I m grateful for. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport