You won't find Sharks coach Robert du Preez swinging from the chandeliers and it was no different even after his team comfortably disposed of the Waratahs in Durban.The 37-14 scoreline was emphatic enough but the coach was measured in his appraisal of his team's second straight victory.Du Preez lamented his team's failure to convert their opportunities in the second half while injuries to flyhalf Pat Lambie flank Philip van der Walt and Clement Poitrenaud gave the coach further cause for caution ahead of this Saturday's home clash with the Southern Kings.He did not know the extent of the injury to Lambie."He hurt his back. He got tackled and fell on his back. It is obviously not great coming off. He's a tough guy. Hopefully it is not too serious De Preez said.He didn't show it but Du Preez must have been chuffed by the performance of young Curwin Bosch who replaced Lambie in the sixth minute and contributed 27 points to the Sharks' cause.Du Preez failed to gush about the performance but recognised that Bosch was very talented .Van der Walt went to hospital after his heavy collision with Waratahs' replacement Senio Toleafoa in the 65th minute and may have to put through concussion protocols this week.Poitrenaud Du Preez explained had struggled with a groin injury in the build up and his withdrawal from the action was precautionary as the coach sets his sights on the Kings.Du Preez is likely to shuffle his selection deck this week and the experienced Frenchman is one of the men earmarked for action. After all some maturity will be needed as the Sharks are likely to press several youngsters into action. I didn't want to push him especially in the light of next week. Some time we are going to need to give the Boks a rest. Not that we want to take the Kings lightly but after that we've got the Cheetahs away and the Lions away. So we are going to have to box clever. We are going to test them some time. The guys in the wider squad and the guys on the bench you have to play them. I believe they will do well they'll step in and they'll be fine."I have no problem with that. This competition requires that you test your depth. We have to do that some time said Du Preez. - TMG Digital