After losing their opening two Super Rugby matches against the Stormers and the Cheetahs Bulls coach Nollis Marais has made wholesale changes to the side to take on the Sunwolves at Loftus on Friday night.The Bulls who will be playing their first match of the tournament at home will host the Sunwolves with a team of different combinations in the back three midfield half-backs loose trio lock pairing and front row from the one that lost to the Cheetahs two weeks ago.Some of the eye-catching changes see midfielder Jan Serfontein returning for his 49th Super Rugby match to replace Dries Swanepoel among the backs while hooker Adriaan Strauss will start on the bench after they both missed the start of the season due to injuries.Strauss will extend his South African record of 132 for most appearances for a hooker in Super Rugby when he takes to the field.Looking ahead of the must-win clash Marais said the availability of most of his players has allowed him to make the changes. The likes of Jan (Serfontein) will be keen to get going while those who are starting for the first time this season will enjoy the extended time on the field " Marais said."I believe this will freshen up our effort which did not deliver the right results for us in the opening two matches."The Sunwolves were unlucky against the Cheetahs and gave the guys in Bloemfontein a bigger fright than we did."We cannot underestimate them and there can be no excuses but for us to deliver a good performance. Warrick Gelant will also earn a first start for the year in place of Jesse Kriel who will start from the bench.Piet van Zyl will start at scrumhalf for the first time this season Ivan van Zyl will deputise for his namesake in his debut for the season with Rudy Paige rested.Up front Lood de Jager has recovered from a concussion injury he sustained in the opening weekend of the season and will start at lock with Jason Jenkins while RG Snyman goes to the bench.Renaldo Bothma is also promoted to a starting berth in place of Jacques Potgieter who is rested with concussion while Pierre Schoeman and Lizo Gqoboko have traded jerseys with the latter playing off the bench.Edgar Marutlulle will make a first start at hooker in Super Rugby for the Vodacom Bulls after playing off the bench in the first two weeks where he replaces Jaco Visagie who has dropped out of the match day squad.Bulls captain Handr Pollard welcomed the fact that they will be playing at Loftus for the first time this season. This is our home and we cannot slip up here especially if we want to bring the crowds back to Loftus. We had a slow start but I am confident that we will pick up the pace from here and will be running with the leading pack soon."There was good energy in training the last couple of days and I am keen to see how the guys perform Friday night said Pollard.Bulls Team: 15. Warrick Gelant 14. Travis Ismaiel 13. Jan Serfontein 12. Burger Odendaal 11. Jamba Ulengo. 10. Handr Pollard 9. Piet van Zyl 8. Hanro Liebenberg 7. Renaldo Bothma 6. Ruan Steenkamp 5. Lood de Jager 4. Jason Jenkins 3. Trevor Nyakane 2. Edgar Marutlulle 1. Pierre Schoeman Replacements: Adriaan Strauss Lizo Gqoboko Jacobie Adriaanse RG Snyman Jannes Kirsten Ivan van Zyl Tian Schoeman Jesse Kriel - TMG Digital