Bulls defence coach Pine Pienaar has taken responsibility for some of the problems that have contributed to the team losing three of their opening four matches in Super Rugby against the Stormers Cheetahs and the Blues.The three losses have left the Pretoria team faced with a mountain to climb to refresh their campaign and it does not get any easier this weekend as they are up against the on-form Chiefs in Waikato.In the last match against the Blues where they lost by 38-14 the Bulls missed 24 tackles and Pienaar said they must to improve against the Chiefs to have any chance of getting a favourable result. Last year we played against Australian sides maybe that helped us a little bit but I am not saying that they are not good enough he said. I am not happy with the defence because to concede six tries in a match is unacceptable to me. We work behind the scenes and hopefully the boys will come to the party on Saturday against the Chiefs but I take full responsibility because it is my area and I am not happy with it. The first half against the Blues we did very well but the second half especially in the last 17 minutes they caught us and kept the ball very well. We conceded a few line breaks and that is one of the things that we want to improve on during the Chiefs match. Pienaar went on to say that players must minimise the individual errors that will be severely exposed and punished by some of the best players in the world who are featuring in the competition. Playing against some of the best players in the world players are always going to be under tremendous pressure if they leave space between their inside and outside defender but that is something that we will work on he said. We know that we are playing again the best side currently in the competition we want to work on the mistakes that we have created. We know it is going to be a tough one but I believe that the players will be up for the battle. The Bulls have confirmed that prop John-Roy Jenkinson who suffered a hamstring injury during defeat to the Blues in Albany on Saturday will return home for further treatment and will be replaced by Conraad van Vuuren.Jenkinson who came on as a replacement in the second half suffered a grade two hamstring tear that has ruled him out of the remainder of the tour against the Chiefs and the Sunwolves in Japan.Bulls team doctor Herman Rossouw also confirmed that No.8 Hanro Liebenberg will go through a late fitness test after sustaining a pectoral muscle injury. Hanro injured a pectoral muscle and we need to see how it is responding to treatment in the next day or two before we can make a call on his continued involvement on the tour Rossouw said.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport 