Tiyani wa ka Mabasa chats to former Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs coach Muhsin Ertugral who is leaving South Africa after 17 years.Coach, why are you leaving?It is a decision I took after I spoke to my business partners. There were offers coming in from other countries, including my own (Turkey). I have coached in Germany, Austria and I have been in South Africa for a while (since 1999, but had coaching spells elsewhere through the years). I coached the big sides in SA, but I am 57 years old now and I have about seven more years at the highest level. It is time to look at options in Europe.What will you miss most about SA?Nearly everything. South Africa has wonderful people and I have no issues with the place. And in terms of the PSL, the league is not bad.What were your memorable moments during your time in SA?So many. I came out here a young coach and I worked with a [club] president [Kaizer Motaung], who really understands football. Winning the Mandela Cup with Chiefs [in 2001] was massive, and also beating Jomo Cosmos 5-0 in the Coca Cola Cup final. I also remember Ajax Cape Town, with four games to go we were in danger of being relegated [in 2013] and the chairman [John Comitis] was almost sleeping at my front door (laughs), but we survived.Your lowlights?Losing 6-1 [while in charge of Pirates] against SuperSport United in November was embarrassing . I had never been in a situation like that.Do you regret resigning on TV after that game?You learn from these things and today if you ask me if I would do the same, I might not. I would definitely resign, but not in that way.Would you coach Pirates again?You never know, but the target for me for the next five years is to be in Europe. I've been far away from Europe for a long time and it is time to go back. Maybe I will return and open a youth academy.Which club was the best to work for in SA?All of them, because I learnt so much at all of them. I learnt from the great lady Mato [Madlala]. I learnt from all club bosses, including Mr [Irvin] Khoza.Who was the best player you coached here?There are many, but there are those that are inspirational and that for me was Jabu Pule (now Mahlangu). He was in the category of Ronaldinho, at any moment he could change the game.Which was the best stadium?You have many good stadiums here, but FNB Stadium was special because I think I won four trophies there, mostly in front of 80 000 fans.What is your favourite city in the country?Cape Town. I even have property there. 