Mamelodi Sundowns midfielder Anthony Laffor says the Brazilians cannot afford to take Kampala City Council Authority lightly when the two sides meet in a Champions League match on Friday. Sundowns begin their CAF Champions League defence against the Ugandan side at the Lucas Moripe Stadium in Atteridgeville and Laffor has a bitter-sweet experience of the side he once faced when he represented SuperSport United. It's not going to be easy against those guys " Laffor said.I played them when I was at SuperSport United and they took us out of the competition."They're a very good team and we need to heed the coach's instructions very carefully."We also need to keep our feet on the ground and we also need to score goals because things are going to be different in Kampala."If we want to remain in this competition we need to score goals and that starts on Friday Laffor said. We need to win all of our home games and score goals on top of that because you never know what to expect when you go to other countries."There's referees conditions and all those things so if we want to progress in this competition we need to score goals at home. We did the business at home last year and we need to do the same this year. Laffor said the team has forgotten about their backs-to-the-wall triumph because their title defence will present a different set of challenges.While KCCA could be nothing more than a speed bump all the big teams are taking part in the second round with Bidvest Wits having a tough tie against eight-time champion Al-Ahly in Egypt.Laffor said he doesn't quite know what KCCA are all about this season even though his coach Pitso Mosimane has done his homework on the team. We need to forget about what happened last year because our exploits last year are history and we need to put them behind us and concentrate on what our coaches want us to do."Every game is going to be important for us because we need to win all of them and still keep our feet on the ground. We have to forget about being the current African champions. If we don't concentrate we're not going to be African champs Laffor said. I don't know how they are like now but a friend of mine has been talking about them so we need to see what they're all about but we need to beat them here. - TMG Digital