Embattled Springbok coach Allister Coetzee says he will still remain in contact and be in a position to mentor Under-20 coach and former Springboks backs coach Mzwandile Stick. The 31-year-old former Springbok Sevens captain who was part of the first ever South African Seven side to win the Sevens World Series in 2008/09 was the high profile casualty that saw him and technical analyst/defence coach Chean Roux being demoted to the Under-20's.As head coach Roux will take over from Dawie Theron while Stick will be his assistant in a decision that has very little clarity in terms of the future of defence coach Joey Mongalo.His name was not on the Under-20 coaching list when SA Rugby released a statement on coaching changes last week Monday. That's my focus and that's one of the reasons why I'm in this position " Coetzee said."That's to make sure Mzwandile still grows as a coach. I know he's got the ability and he's got the technical knowledge to become a good coach and he will be."There was a review and the committee decided on what they decided upon and being the Under-20 coach is where he may still develop from. The most important thing is that he's not lost to South African rugby and whether I'll still be his mentor or not I'll still play that role. Sometimes it's not about the level where you coach that makes you a good coach. It's how you add good value. Coetzee admitted to having his hands tied in terms of his transformation targets in light of the thin numbers of players of colour across the six Super Rugby franchises.In the match day 23 squads across the two Super Rugby rounds 40 players of colour were named in the squads.In the first round 22 players of African origin were picked while the number rose by four in this weekend's action.The Southern Kings (eight and nine) Stormers (eight and eight) Bulls (seven and seven) and Cheetahs (eight and seven) have led the way.The Lions (four and four) and the Sharks (five and five) have been the worst offenders. I'm of the opinion that we have talented players that need to get an opportunity and it's not about numbers."It's about getting talented players white and black into our mix and give them the opportunity to play and back them."I'm not scared to give players an opportunity. I've invited some young guns but unfortunately they also have an Under-20 camp they need to attend to. I understand the spin-off of inviting young players to training camps because the likes of Siya Kolisi Jan Serfontein and Frans Malherbe were invited to Heyneke Meyer's training sessions in 2012 and they've all become Springboks."They were young guns who were invited to the training camps. - TMG Digital 