Ford Motor Company of Southern Africa president and CEO Jeff Nemeth stood up for the beleaguered car brand and told Parliament on Tuesday that there was no link between the fires plaguing the company s Kuga models and the death of motorist Reshall Jimmy.Ford found itself in the throes of a public relations and consumer safety storm when the company took a whole year to act on a crisis involving the company s Ford Kuga models engines catching fire initiating a safety recall in January.However Nemeth told Parliament s portfolio committee on trade and industry that while the company acknowledged that it could have handled the matter better none of the incidences were Kuga engines caught fire led were found to have led to injury or death. We also hoped to address the incorrect connection made between the recall and the death of Mr Reshall Jimmy. These are unrelated. There has not been a single injury or fatality as a result of the fires in Kugas. We continue to cooperate with the police to ensure that investigations of this matter are concluded said Nemeth.Nemeth told the committee that whilst the Ford Kuga debacle was a challenge for Ford the phenomenon of car engines catching fire was not unusual amongst other car brands. Vehicle fires are rare but they do happen. There were 2128 vehicle fires in SA last year. These will happen in old cars and new cars expensive cars and inexpensive cars. They happen to all makes and models he said.He said the company took a long time to effect a recall because it wanted to avoid misdiagnosing the problem and recalling the wrong makes of vehicles. Ford s recall process includes data collection evaluation risk assessment and solution development. My family drives a 1.6 Kuga and as a parent I feel nothing but absolute confidence in the vehicle s safety. When Ford encounters a situation when safety is a concern we must consider all possible steps including a recall. These steps involve a range of factors he said.Nemeth told the committee that Ford had checked 3 200 of the 4 556 Ford Kugas recalled to date. He said 2 700 were returned to their owners after undergoing a service. He said 1 300 Kugas remained in the market while 359 customers opted to trade in their Kuga for another Ford make vehicle. TMG Digital 