Lions scrumhalf Faf de Klerk appears to be the highest profile casualty of coach Allister Coetzee s second season at the helm of the Springboks after he was omitted from a training squad named on Monday.Sharks players who weren t considered for the first training camp last month because of Super Rugby duty were included in the group for the camp which will be held in Stellenbosch from April 2-4. Sharks flyhalf sensation Curwin Bosch has been included in the 41-member group along with scrumhalf Cobus Reinach who missed all of last season with a knee injury. Coetzee s decision to overlook De Klerk for this camp is a strong indication that the Lions scrumhalf is unlikely to feature for the Boks against France in June. De Klerk has struggled to make the transition to Test rugby after proving himself a capable Super Rugby player although he was dropped from the Lions starting team earlier this season. Springbok selectors invited a group of 13 Sharks players 10 each from the Lions and Stormers as well as eight Cheetahs players to the three-day camp. There are no players from the Bulls or the Southern Kings in the latest training group as these two franchises are in action abroad.As with the first camp there are also no overseas-based players included amongst the squad adhering to World Rugby regulations. Lock Franco Mostert is not available for this camp as his wife is due to give birth to their first child. Other exciting inclusions are Cheetahs flyhalf Fred Zeilinga Sharks centre Lukhanyo Am and Stormers wing/fullback Dillyn Leyds. Injured Springboks Pat Lambie Uzair Cassiem and Ruan Combrinck have been invited to the camp but injured players such as Damian de Allende and Jean-Luc du Plessis (both Stormers) who made the trip to the previous camp in Johannesburg are not required to do so again. Included amongst the 41 players are another five Young Guns players all under the age of 23 years who have been earmarked as potential future Springboks.They are Ox Nche (prop Cheetahs) Wilco Louw (prop Stormers) Ruan Ackermann (looseforward Lions) EW Viljoen (centre Stormers) and Bosch (flyhalf Sharks). The first camp was very successful and we managed to cover a lot of our planning and training plans with the group that assembled in Johannesburg " Coetzee said."We aim to do the same in Stellenbosch. This group has a different look to it because of the addition of the Sharks players while we are not able to call up players from the Bulls and the Southern Kings because they will be abroad when the camp takes place. With a third camp planned for May there is still time for players to catch the attention of the selectors according to Coetzee: There is still one more camp to follow after Stellenbosch so we will keep the door open for players who perform in Super Rugby. The camp provides another opportunity for us to cast the net wider and also to have a closer look at certain positions."There are a couple of new faces in this group who have shown consistently good form."I also want to thank our franchise and conditioning coaches for their continued collaboration and support. During their three-day stay in Stellenbosch the group will undergo medical and conditioning assessments attend gym and undertake a couple of field training sessions.*1. Ruan Ackermann Looseforward Emirates Lions 2. Lukhanyo Am Centre Cell C Sharks 3. Clayton Blommetjies Fullback Toyota Cheetahs *4. Curwin Bosch Flyhalf/Fullback Cell C Sharks 5. Ruan Botha Lock Cell C Sharks 6. Uzair Cassiem Flank Toyota Cheetahs 7. Andries Coetzee Fullback Emirates Lions 8. Ruan Combrinck Wing Emirates Lions 9. Ruan Dreyer Prop Emirates Lions 10. Jean-Luc du Preez Flank Cell C Sharks 11. Pieter-Steph du Toit Lock DHL Stormers 12. Eben Etzebeth Lock DHL Stormers 13. Rohan Janse van Rensburg Centre Emirates Lions 14. Elton Jantjies Flyhalf Emirates Lions 15. Siya Kolisi Flank DHL Stormers 16. Jaco Kriel Flank Emirates Lions 17. Pat Lambie Flyhalf Cell C Sharks 18. Dillyn Leyds Wing DHL Stormers *19. Wilco Louw Prop DHL Stormers 20. Frans Malherbe Prop DHL Stormers 21. Lionel Mapoe Centre Emirates Lions 22. Malcolm Marx Hooker Emirates Lions 23. Bongi Mbonambi Hooker DHL Stormers 24. Oupa Mohoje Flank Toyota Cheetahs 25. Beast Mtawarira Prop Cell C Sharks 26. Lubabalo Mtembu No 8 Cell C Sharks 27. Lwazi Mvovo Wing Cell C Sharks *28. Ox Nche Prop Toyota Cheetahs 29. Coenie Oosthuizen Prop Cell C Sharks 30. Etienne Oosthuizen Lock Cell C Sharks 31. Chiliboy Ralepelle Hooker Cell C Sharks 32. Cobus Reinach Scrumhalf Cell C Sharks 33. Raymond Rhule Wing Toyota Cheetahs 34. Seabelo Senatla Wing DHL Stormers 35. Kobus van Wyk Wing Cell C Sharks 36. Jano Vermaak Scrumhalf DHL Stormers 37. Francois Venter Centre Toyota Cheetahs 38. Shaun Venter Scrumhalf Toyota Cheetahs *39. EW Viljoen Centre DHL Stormers 40. Warren Whiteley No 8 Emirates Lions 41. Fred Zeilinga Flyhalf Toyota Cheetahs - TMG Digital/TMG Sport