David Mabuza's call for the return of all ANC members that have left the party is not innocent. He has ambitions beyond the 2017 ANC national elective conference.It is said he is entertaining efforts to have himself elected ANC deputy president in December. This means that in the next five years he could stand a chance of being elected party president.Mabuza, who is Mpumalanga premier and ANC chairman in that province, had enemies within the party as well as with alliance partners. But lately he has extended an olive branch to his enemies, including the South African Communist Party (SACP) and other ANC leaders in the province that he had sidelined for disagreeing with him.Mabuza, over the weekend, pleaded with the ANCYL in the province to go and encourage those who had left the ANC to come back. He said that the ANC cannot afford to split each time it goes to a national conference.In the past, once a particular faction had won, the bulk of the losing group would leave the ANC.After the 2007 and 2012 ANC national elective conferences, two political parties, COPE and the EFF respectively, were formed by breakaway groups.Although COPE is not doing so well, the EFF is. And both parties have eaten into the ANC support base. Now Mabuza plans to bring EFF leader Julius Malema back into the ANC. His provincial plans to make peace with his political enemies is also part of his national plan where, in the end, he wants to consolidate power.Mabuza is not planning for the December ANC conference, but the one in the next five years.Mabuza's move also indicates that President Jacob Zuma will not seek a third term. Malema has said that he will not come back to the ANC as long as Zuma is in charge .When Malema was expelled, he pleaded with the ANC not to terminate his membership. He asked for a five-year suspension - a period he was going to use to study - and promised not to participate in any leadership jostling nor attend meetings. At the time, he saw his future only in the ANC - a party he joined when he was very young. But the ANC chose to expel him.Malema recently said his party can only work with the ANC on condition that the party was led by someone like Kgalema Motlanthe.Unlike Mabuza, Malema today is a national leader in a powerful position as the head of the third-largest political party in SA. He enjoys the support of young people, something the ANC envies. He is not a beggar any more.Mabuza will have to rethink his strategy; he's offering Malema less than what Malema is worth.