Bafana Bafana caretaker-coach Owen Da Gama has explained the two notable exclusions Portugal-based midfielder Bongani Zungu and Mamelodi Sundowns right-back Thapelo Morena from his squad for two friendlies this month.After a tough start in Portugal Zungu has established himself as a regular starter this year at Vitoria Guimaraes.Morena has blossomed into a fine explosively-fast defensive and attacking right-back since his conversion there by Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane.Da Gama named a roundly-praised adventurous squad on Thursday for the friendlies against Guinea-Bissau on March 25 and Angola on March 28 though the exclusion of Zungu and Morena did raise eyebrows.On Zungu s omission Da Gama pointed out that his squad is strong in central midfielders including Hlompo Kekana Andile Jali Kamohelo Mokotjo and Dean Furman.After the squad announcement the Bafana caretaker-coach held up his clipboard to show his squad options displaying that Zungu s name was scribbled there as a consideration. I think I ve learnt something from the past which is that everybody can make a list of 30 or 40 players who are not being selected who are very good Da Gama said. I mean we ve got six midfielders who are very good. How many can you bring at a given time? Hlompo Kekana is the captain of the African champions he s won the league he s won the Super Cup. You look at Andile Jali he s been there. You don t want to destabilise too much. Zungu has started playing [in Portugal] of late. So he ll always be part of the bigger picture there s no doubt about it. Da Gama said he views Morena as a right wing and his conversion to right-back had counted against the Downs player. I still believe that this is a national team it s not a club. Players are very different at clubs than for the national team he said. I don t believe in taking a right wing and making him a right-back. He might do well at his club that s fine. I signed Thapelo at Bloemfontein Celtic as a right wing. And he s been converted because of the style that Sundowns offer. I think sometimes we ve just got to accept that national team is totally different to club football. And I don t believe in converting players at national team level. Da Gama takes charge of this month s friendlies as the South African Football Association are yet to announce a new head coach to replace Shakes Mashaba who was sacked in December.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport 