Times Media has learnt that a number of police officers stationed at OR Tambo International Airport where a US$15-million heist occurred last night are to be quizzed over the robbery.A gang of at least eight robbers pulled off the daring heist when armed with a marked police van and two high-powered vehicles they drove up to a South African Airways flight wearing police uniforms and attacked guards from GuardForce as the money was about to be loaded onto the aircraft.The aircraft was bound for London.While the Hawks have failed to respond to questions this morning on whether officers are being questioned over their possible knowledge of the heist Times Media has been informed by several independent sources that evidence gathered from the scene has lead Hawks investigators to several policemen. It s clear that this is an inside job. There are a number of our own members who we are interested in having a quiet chat to. We just want to know from them what they may or may not know about the heist a police source said. We are keen to find out if there is anything that they are not telling us. Another police source declined to say what evidence had been gathered but said it had provided some clues to the suspects identities. There is an idea of who may be involved. What we can say is these guys are not small fry like the airport following gangs. These guys play in the big league. This is a robbery to order . People were after specific items. A number of other high-value items were left behind which we believe was a deliberate move. The robbers who were wearing police uniforms overpowered guards at the airport s Super South Entrance before they used several of their access cards to open gates and gain access to the tarmac.With lights flashing they then approached the GuardForce escort vehicle and attacked it as it neared the aircraft stealing bags containing a mixed denomination of currency.The robbers then escaped through the same entrance at the airport.Another police source said they were looking at the possibility that police vehicles may have been used to provide the robbers a high-speed escort away from the airport.Athlenda Mathe spokesperson for acting police commissioner Khomotso Phahlane said investigators were following up on which vehicles were used. We can confirm that there are allegations that there was a marked police vehicle; that is a subject of police investigation to determine whether the car used belongs to the police or not. We are also investigating a security breach because our preliminary investigation reveals that there was a security breach she said.