Kaizer Chiefs coach Steve Komphela did not need to say these words for anyone to see how desperately he wanted a victory over Orlando Pirates at FNB Stadium on Saturday. But when he did say them, it looked as though he was playing the Willard Katsande penalty miss over and over in his mind.It's a penalty that could have given Amakhosi all three points to enhance their chances in the chase for the Absa Premiership title, but they had to settle for a 1-1 draw which will make winning the crown a little more difficult now.Joseph Molangoane gave Chiefs the lead against his former side before Thembinkosi Lorch bagged his first Pirates goal - albeit it's officially credited as a Tsepo Masilela own goal - to make it 1-1."You feel more of a disappointment based on what transpired. This is a game of small margins and we did not come to the party. With five minutes to go, we missed a penalty. It has clouded my way of seeing things or analysing the match. I just hate that we could not win the match," said Komphela."Our objective was to get three points but there's still a lot of matches to play. It [the title race] is still wide open and it might go to the last game of the season."Komphela, however, did not put the blame on Katsande, whose casually taken spot kick was saved by Pirates goalkeeper Brighton Mhlongo in the dying minutes of the match."I am one coach who owns up and I don't play the blame game. It happens. [David] Beckham missed a penalty at the World Cup, same as Roberto Baggio."I was desperate to get three points, so going to him and talking to him won't change anything. Maybe we will just remind him to stay focused when the stakes are high."Supporters left the stadium disappointed the derby was a draw for the 10th time since 2009/2010.Both teams, however, played attacking football and either side could have walked away with a victory had chances been taken."Did we play for a draw? I don't think so. Both teams went for it. I don't think we should be puzzled by the outcome. I thought the match was open enough for anybody," said Komphela.