It all ended where it began: in London. On Monday following a three-day meeting Durban officially lost the rights to host the Commonwealth Games in 2022. It was in the same city almost exactly two years early where the South African east coast city put up its hand.TimesLIVE tracks how it all went so well and then crashed so spectacularly.April 2014 Durban officially announces its intention to bid for the 2022 Commonwealth Games. If successful it would be the first time an African city has hosted the games.February 2015 Montreal Canada withdraws its bid. Citing high costs in a weakened global economy the Canadian city said it was no longer willing to host the 2022 event. Durban however pushed ahead.March 2015 Durban lodges an impressive bid in London. Sports minister Fikile Mbalula ex-Durban mayor James Nxumalo and other officials as well as bid ambassadors Cameron van der Burgh Khotso Mokoena and Dyan Buis were present.September 2015 Amid massive fanfare and with a host of officials in attendance Durban is awarded the 2022 Games at an official Commonwealth Games Federation (CGF) event in New Zealand.December 2015 The first set of deadlines which included a host city payment due to the CGF was passed with South Africa failing to meet certain criteria. This deadline was extended a further three months.March 2016 A second deadline comes and goes with crucial bodies and documents including the Local Organising Committee and the host city agreements not yet finalised.October 2016 Durban 2022 is put on terms: sort yourselves out or you will lose the Games. A deadline of November was set for all documents and financial guarantees to be set up.November 2016 With two days to spare Durban 2022 organisers submit their outstanding documents which would then be scrutinised by CGF officials.February 2017 CGF officials confirm they have gone through the documents with recommendations to be presented to the CGF executive board at a meeting the following month. At this meeting Durban s fate would be known.March 2017 Durban officially loses the rights to host the Games. While SA officials say that the CGF tried to squeeze the country for more that it was willing to give the federation said there were significant departures in the November documents compared to what was originally promised.- TMG Digital/TimesLIVE