Tombstones mark and identify the final resting places of our friends and loved ones. In the past a granite stone or wooden cross was more widely used amongst the masses. A new personalised trend has since taken over which allows us to remember our loved ones in a more unique way.In recent years there is a trend of more grand and personalised tombstones especially for celebrities and high profile people."When people come in we consult with them. They tell us about the character of the person who has passed and we design a tombstone that will best interpret and showcase the persons character", said founder and CEO of Bataung Memorial Tombstones, Lebohang Khitsane.According to Khitsane, Bataung Memorial Tombstones is the only company in the country to make braille tombstones for the blind.Depending on the design, the tombstones range between R2000 - R1 000 000 said Khitsane.The tombstone of actor Joe Mafela is an example of how his life was interpreted into a tombstone. Joe Mafela has been in our lounges since we were children, from the times of Sgudi 'Snaysi and Going up until recently. The tombstone was to symbolise that he kept us entertained in our lounges and now we have given him his own to rest in. Natasha Cowan from Forget Me Not Tombstones said that she found people want to personalise memorials much more now than in previous years."The emphasis is on making something unique which encompasses their deceased loved one's memory. There is however a fine line between respectful and tasteful and over the top. Some people want to make a statement in the cemetery, where others want only to fully encapsulate their family member's life."Not everyone can afford such grand designs so budgets still dictate customer choices.Cowan advised customers to consider their finances when making a tombstone choice, adding that there were various ways of personalising the gravestone without breaking the budget."You dont have to go overboard to make a memorial special and unique, its the personal touches that really make a difference. We strive to make this available to all clients, not only the ones who have the large budgets for the memorial," she said.According to Elite Tombstones putting a photo of the deceased on the tombstone as well as colour stones have now become popular trends.