A domestic worker-turned wife and her alleged lover accused of murdering her husband will spend yet another week in custody after their lawyer demanded postponement of their bail hearing yesterday.Fikile Mongwe, 36, and her alleged boyfriend Innocent Pilusa, 21, looked disappointed as they were led into holding cells after magistrate Mariah Maithufi told the Moretele Magistrate's Court in Hammanskraal, north of Pretoria, that the pair's bail hearing had been postponed to Tuesday.Mongwe and Pilusa are accused of killing and burying the body of Mongwe's husband Selaelo Lekalakala, 61, in a bushy area in Bosplaas. Lekalakala, a government employee who lived with the two in his house in Ramotse Section, Hammanskraal, was due to go on pension this year.According to neighbours, Mongwe had recently married Lekalakala following the death of his wife in 2014. She was a housekeeper for the couple. She introduced Pilusa to her husband as her nephew late last year."Unfortunately, we cannot proceed with the matter. The defence has requested a postponement on the grounds that it needs more time to consult with both accused persons," said Maithufi.The case has drawn a lot of public interest in the Hammanskraal area since it first came to court last month. In the two previous appearances, some members of the public had to be turned away after the courtroom ran out of space. Most people chose to stand on the patio leading to the courtroom just to catch a glimpse of the accused.It is believed that Pilusa and Lekalakala had a physical confrontation with the deceased the night before his disappearance.Lekalakala's relatives were then notified by neighbours on January 15 of his disappearance, which led to them forcing Mongwe to open a missing person case.Pilusa's friend, who has now turned state witness, went to the police and told them how the accused had asked him to help them carry a wrapped "rubbish" to the bush. He said he only realised later that what he was helping to discard was actually a human body.The accomplice pointed the shallow grave out to the police on January 25 and Lekalakala's remains were dug out the following day. Mongwe handed herself over to the police on the same day the body was retrieved, while Pilusa was arrested days later. Lekalakala is yet to be buried as police are still gathering DNA evidence from his body.