Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane has said he fancies Cape Town City to win the Absa Premiership this season.This in itself is an earth-shattering statement and if the reader wants to go back and read it again feel free.Mosimane was on a roll after being announced the PSL s coach of the month for February this week.Shortly after pronouncing that he felt Kaizer Chiefs would be favourites against his African champions Sundowns in Saturday s league match at FNB Stadium on Saturday night Mosimane said he sees City as favourites to win the league.Speaking on his current injury situation Downs coach said: I don t know if there is anybody going through what we are going through. We have a lot of injuries at the moment. But somehow somewhere we know why because we re playing more games than any other team. For example when we played City (when Downs lost 1-0 on Friday March 3) the last time they had played was eight days back. We had played on Saturday Tuesday Wednesday (in a two-day draw against Chippa United affected by the lights going out at Loftus Versfeld) and then we played on Friday in Cape Town. I mean really it s not possible. We had to lose that match. We were playing against a team that was well rested. And I think Cape Town City look good to win the league. I fancy them to win the league because they are well rested. It s like Chelsea they don t have to play Champions League and they are only waiting for the league. They are fresh. So Kaizer Chiefs are fresh. They are only playing in the Nedbank Cup. We are everywhere. Now in April we are playing one game every three days we are playing nine games. In May we play nine games including in Africa. So which team is going to struggle Sundowns. And Wits depending how seriously they take the Confederation Cup. I know SuperSport United will give it a go in the Confed Cup. So they and us are disadvantaged. We will have a lot of injuries and will be travelling. You are tired of hearing about our injury list. City lead the league with 39 points from 21 games. Wits are in second place on 38 from 19 SuperSport United third (37 from 20) and Kaizer Chiefs fourth (36 from 21).Sundowns are dangerously placed in fifth place with 34 points from just 17 matches. City and Chiefs are not involved in continental club competition.Sundowns are through as defending champions to the group stages of the Caf Champions League and SuperSport and Wits are involved in the Caf Confederation Cup. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport