Sharks and Springbok prop Coenie Oosthuizen sang the praises of his captain Pat Lambie saying the pivot is one of the best leaders in the tournament. The retreated tighthead prop said Lambie's decision-making played a crucial role in the team's 27-22 win against the Brumbies on the weekend.It was the team's third-ever win in the Australian capital and made up for their debilitating opening week loss to the Reds in Brisbane. In him we've got an experienced captain and in my mind one of the best leaders in the tournament. He makes the right decisions at the right time."When we gets to the point of making a decision we need to back him and we often back his decisions 100 percent. It may look like he's asking us but when he does he's got an idea of what he wants to do Oosthuizen said. He's clear-headed calm and he knows what to do at the right time. He also happens to be a very good player. Oosthuizen feels the team is undergoing positive change and there were many lessons from their loss to the Reds.He felt the Reds had their number at the breakdown and that broke their resilience. They were able to shed those nerves to progress and beat the Brumbies. I feel like we've got a new team a new mindset and morals. It wasn't just a belief that we could win the game but more of a belief that we should have won in Brisbane."We went into the Brumbies game telling ourselves we don't want the same thing to happen. We didn't want to find ourselves in a position where we felt like we left something on the field Oosthuizen said. The Reds game was something new even though we had a decent pre-season. What the Reds bought was something very different to what we've seen in Australia because Australian teams want to play the same brand of rugby."The Reds attacked our breakdown and we didn't have any quick ball. We knew what happened and we fixed that for the Reds game. If Australian conference hopes were pinned on the Reds they would have been misplaced after their 55-36 defeat at the hands of the Lions at Ellis Park on Saturday.Unlike most of the Australian sides the Waratahs are forward orientated and often have the best forwards of the Australian teams.Their best eight was put to the sword by the Lions and while the Sharks are not quite at the level of the Lions they will back themselves against the side that was mauled into the Magaliesberg.Oosthuizen did not want to read much into how their opponents will be feeling after their lung-bursting efforts in Johannesburg. Super Rugby is an amazing thing and it's very unpredictable because you can be on top on one weekend and be on the reverse in the following week."The thing about rugby is that there's always another weekend and that's another chance for them to rectify their mistakes."We see that as a challenge because we know what to expect. The Waratahs weren't up to par but they're a quality outfit and we know that Oosthuizen said. I believe they're going to come out swinging and they're going to give it their all but we'll be playing in front of our home crowd and that's all we need. - TMG Digital