Such is the extent of the injury list at the Cheetahs that coach Franco Smith had to open a spreadsheet to read the names of injured players not available for this weekend s Super Rugby clash against Japan s Sunwolves in Bloemfontein.Counting aloud Smith tallied 13 players including centres Nico Lee and Francois Venter prop Ox Nche lock Reniel Hugo and Bok flank Uzair Cassiem who aren t available for the match.In any week that would be a catastrophic injury roster to overcome but fortunately the Sunwolves are not cut from the same cloth as the New Zealand teams in this competition. The Japanese outfit conceded 83 points in their season-opener against an understrength Hurricanes in Tokyo and then leaked another 37 against wooden spoon opponents the Southern Kings in Singapore in week two.They would battle to beat Shimlas over 80 minutes. Smith would never admit it but he won t be having sleepless nights despite a long catalogue of injuries as he prepares the team to face the Sunwolves. After last week s impressive 34-28 win over the Bulls in Bloemfontein there is a renewed confidence among Cheetahs players and after 20 months as head coach he has prepared a wider group of 54 players for potential Super Rugby action. The Cheetahs romped through last year s Currie Cup unbeaten winning both the semi-final against the Golden Lions and the final against the Blue Bulls with largely the same squad they are employing in Super Rugby. After losing narrowly in Super Rugby week one and giving up a healthy lead against the Bulls before seeing out the match in week two Smith knows that his side still lacks experience in key positions. We play with a lot of liberty on attack but there are still one or two inexperienced guys out there and their will to do well at this level sometimes hampers their creativity because there is a fear of failure Smith said. The Currie Cup was never close last year and the players hadn t experienced how to close a game down which is a habit you learn. While the Sunwolves have been rightly criticised and are being written off Smith said there would be no complacency from his team because they are overwhelming favourites going to the match. We measure our standards against ourselves and not the opposition Smith said. We are not playing against a Super Rugby team we are playing against Super Rugby there is a difference. When we review on Mondays we look at ourselves and our standards. There will be no complacency because we have goals this weekend that we need to hit. Prop Charles Marais replacing Ox Nche who suffered a knee injury against the Bulls. In the second row Francois Uys comes in for Hugo who is out with a long-term knee injury. Paul Schoeman moves from No 8 to flank to cover for the Cassiem (knee) while Niell Jordaan will start at No 8. In the backline Rayno Benjamin moves from wing to outside centre replacing the injured Lee (shoulder) and Zee Mkhabela will start at right wing in Benjamin s place. Tom Botha Armandt Koster Henco Venter Ali Mgijima and Ruan van Rensburg are new additions to the bench. Cheetahs: 15 Clayton Blommetjies 14 Zee Mkhabela 13 Rayno Benjamin 12 Clinton Swart 11 Raymond Rhule 10 Fred Zeilinga 9 Tian Meyer 8 Niell Jordaan 7 Oupa Mohoje 6 Paul Schoeman 5 Francois Uys 4 Justin Basson 3 Johan Coetzee 2 Torsten van Jaarsveld (captain) 1 Charles Marais Substitutes: 16 Danie Mienie 17 Elandre Huggett 18 Tom Botha 19 Armandt Koster 20 Henco Venter 21 Niel Marais 22 Ali Mgijima 23 Ruan van Rensburg Sunwolves 15 Shota Emi 14 Takaaki Nakazuru 13 William Tupou 12 Derek Carpenter 11 Kenki Fukuoka 10 Hayden Cripps 9 Keisuke Uchida 8 Willie Britz 7 Shumei Matsuhashi 6 Ed Quirk (captain) 5 Uwe Hela 4 Liaki Moli 3 Yasuo Yamaji 2 Yusuke Niwai 1 Koki Yamamoto Substitutes: 16 Atsushi Sakate 17 Masataka Mikami 18 Takuma Asahara 19 Sam Wykes 20 Shokei Kin 21 Kaito Shigeno 22 Jumpei Ogura 23 Jamie-Jerry Taulagi