Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula never shy to engage in a Twitter smackdown is feuding with sports presenter Robert Marawa and shots are being fired.The SABC radio host has accused the sports ministry of acting like Tarzan and of trying to get him fired.And when Mbalula tried to reprimand him for his usual hot air Marawa got Twitter abuzz by retaliating with this comment: That s usually your department .Isaac Khithika? @isaac khithika commented Shots fired! Man Down! I repeat man down! Usual hot air that is usually your department while Nhlakanipho T Ngcobo? @DJNDIRO was loving and hating it sharing Please don t stop what you doing but it s not cool for the publicity you at it like schoolboys .The social media fight started after Times Media Group Sports Editor Mninawa Ntloko earlier tweeted that Mbalula had intimated on Tuesday that Durban could lose the 2022 Commonwealth Games due to cost challenges.Marawa then weighed in the debate and said This we knew when they were busy acting like Tarzan!! The minister then responded to this and said: Your gripe be honest you never believed in us hosting the Commonwealth games . Study the facts get the report and dont be vindictive bfo you blow your usual hot air on the matter. To this Marawa responded: It s my opinion... I can t change it facts checked &amp; as for the usual hot air that is usually ur department!! Mawara then spared no punches for Mbalula stating that he tried to throw him under the bus by attempting to get him fired at the South African Broadcasting Corporation. I have no gripe FYI (for your information). I have a different opinion. Different to you trying to get me fired from Metro FM that s a gripe he disclosed.Mbalula retorted: Y will I want you get fired.? Smh You should have long BEEN fired I defended U. DON T DIGRESS. When asked by a Twitter follower So SABC contacts you about who they want to fire? Mbalula said: Go to your archives I defended him from when I was an ANCYL President and SABC wanted to fire him. Amnesia won t assist anyone. Marawa currently hosts 083 Sports @ 6 on the radio station.When contacted for comment Marawa said: I m good thanks .Earlier on Tuesday Mbalula announced that South Africa s playground city Durban may not be able to hold the 2022 Commonwealth Games. Despite successfully bidding for the Games the country has been unable to come to agreement with the Commonwealth Games Federation over paying for the tournament.The Commonwealth Games in Durban would be the first to be held in Africa.The Games which were awarded to the City in 2015 had been earmarked to start on July 18 on former President Nelson Mandela s birthday.According to authorities a budget of R6.4-billion rand has already been set aside for the Games. 