Bloemfontein Celtic have suggested harsher punishment for crowd trouble at stadiums and proposed that playing behind closed doors will send a stronger message to misbehaving fans.Celtic chief executive Khumbulani Konco says simply fining the clubs is not working because this does not affect the fans who are the perpetrators.Playing behind closed has serious financial implications as a club would lose gate revenue advertising and sales related to mechandising among other loses.Two recent PSL matches involving Mamelodi Sundowns and Pirates at Loftus and Bloemfontein Celtic and Platinum Stars at Dr Molemela Stadium were marred by disgraceful scenes of violence.At Loftus spectators were injured when angry Pirates supporters stormed the field during their team s embarrassing 6-0 loss to Sundowns .In Bloemfontein the same happened at the end of Celtic s 3-0 loss to Stars.Pirates and Celtic faces heavy sanctions from the PSL for the unruly behavior of their fans in those two incidents that brought the league in disrepute. Fining the clubs money whenever there are incidents of violence at stadiums has proved that it does not work and we urge the PSL to look at other ways to deal with this issue Konco said. We are advocating that clubs whose fans are perpetrators of such incidents must be made to play a certain number of matches behind closed doors. In this way the punishment is felt by the supporters because at the moment they can do whatever they want to do knowing that the PSL is going to fine the club and the club will pay the fine .Konco said they will be meeting their fans in the next few days to discuss what happened after the Stars game and ask for recommendations from them as to how to deal with unhappiness going forward. In this country it is largely Celtic Pirates Sundowns and Chiefs who are fined for crowd violence. It does not help because the same supporters who are responsible for these things come back later to do the same thing and the same team gets fined again. We need to do something different because clearly what is happening at the moment is not working. As Celtic we are going to engage our supporters in a meeting with leaders of branches so that we get to the bottom of this problem and ask them to make recommendations. They are the ones who know these people and they must help us to identify them so that we can take the appropriate action. In October last year Uefa ordered polish side Polish side Legia Warsaw to host Real Madrid behind closed doors in the Champions League after they were charged for crowd trouble in their earlier match against German side Borussia Dortmund. TMG Digital 