Having won 11 of their 18 league matches one would expect Bidvest Wits coach Gavin Hunt to break some sort of grin.That was not the case despite his team s 3-1 victory over the struggling Bloemfontein Celtic at the Bidvest Stadium on Friday evening.Wits remain chasing Cape Town City who beat Mamelodi Sundowns 1-0 at the Athlone Stadium to go to the top of the Premier Soccer League table and are primed for any slip-up by the rest of the chasing pack.However Hunt did not subscribe to that morsel of positivity preferring to look at how much better his team should have done despite playing a side with five defenders and the fact that the Clever Boys collected another home win Home games have become very important along with the need to collect points on the road. We didn t do that last week and we deserved more than we got last week Hunt said. We won our home game but we need to do more away from home. We ve had a couple of good results away from home and we ve also beaten Pirates away from home but at least the majority of our last 12 games will be here at home. We were poor and we never got hold of the ball even though we always looked like scoring. I thought we deserved to win because we showed the better maturity but we weren t good. With trips to Mdantsane to play Chippa United on Tuesday and Cairo to face Al-Ahly in the CAF Champions League looming for Hunt s side the irritable coach stopped short of saying they should have got the week off to prepare for their daunting trip to Egypt.Hunt s memory should have served him well as Sundowns played midweek matches with weakened teams before embarking on their successful African sojourns. Hunt said Wits will tackle the travel challenges as best as they can. Some teams didn t have to play midweek matches before their continental matches but that s what we have to do. It s really tough for us to go to Al-Ahly from East London and still go to Cape Town. It looks like we ll get to Egypt in the early hours of Saturday morning and play on Saturday night. What can we do? Hunt mused. - TMG Sport 