Ntokozo s memories of how she became a victim of human trafficking was weaned onto crystal meth and forced to sell her body in one of Rosettenville s brothels sounds like something one would see in a movie.She was just 15 years old when her life was turned upside down after she ran away from home following a fight with her mother.She blames a former classmate for luring her into a prostitution ring where her Nigerian boyfriend was a pimp.The girl Thando 16 was a prostitute herself.Visiting Ntokozo at her Sebokeng home on her birthday on Friday the now 17-year-old girl described herself as a shadow of the person who she used to be. Besides the fact that I have a lot of anger in me right now I am just fearless. Any challenge that comes my way I feel I can handle she says pulling faces at her four-month-old daughter who sat across from her.On Monday history will be made in the South Gauteng High Court when 30-year-old Eke Ugochukwu whom she knew as Johnny will be sentenced for sexual exploitation of a child living from the earnings of sexual exploitation accomplice to rape and contravening the Prevention and Combating of Trafficking in Persons Act.The case is a first of its kind under the Act which came into effect on 9 August 2015. He was convicted last month.Ntokozo hopes Johnny is locked away forever. I won t forgive him. I can never forgive him not even if he tried to apologise she said. Ntokozo says Thando became consumed by jealousy as she saw Johnny give affection to her. She left leaving Ntokozo to fend for herself. After this John started forcing me to go out and make money. He said he needed money for rent. For a week before that he kept me in the house where he pumped me day and night with crystal meth teaching me how to smoke it. Soon I was hooked Ntokozo said.She began seeing several clients a night and was paid at least R50 a time.She ran away several weeks later to a nearby church where she found help.Meanwhile her grief-stricken mother who worked as a hawker at a school close to her home never stopped searching for her. I had heard she had left with Thando. I found Thando and asked her about my daughter. She confessed to leaving her in Rosettenville said Ntokozo s mother Mbali.Three times she went to Rosettenville accompanied by Thando and the police. On one occasion the police kicked down the door [to the brothel]. We found some thin girls there. Others looked sick but my daughter wasn t there said Mbali.While Ntokozo has battled to resume a normal teenage life she has big dreams.Next year she hopes to enroll into an FET college to study engineering.Her mother who is helping her raise the baby said: I would do anything to make things right in my daughter s life. I may not have money but I want to see her happy like other kids. - The names of the three women have been changed to protect their identity 