Cheetahs coach Franco Smith may have watched his team concede four tries in their 38-31 escape against the Sunwolves but said there was nothing wrong with his team's defensive system. Having conceded three in last week's win against the Bulls the Cheetahs are finding ways to win but conceding points at the same time.Smith also conceded the Sunwolves had their number and unlike last year when they beat them 92-17 the visitors prepared adequately and spent time on the Highveld instead of going to Bloemfontein on the day before the game. If you play Super Rugby other teams will score tries against you and that's how it works " Smith said."If you compare it with the Northern Hemisphere it's about out-pressuring the opposition. Here in South Africa if you want to win a Super Rugby or Rugby Championship match you have to outscore the opposition."Defence is important but we're leaning towards an attacking mindset and we're very happy with our defence even though our line speed wasn't great. I thought we'd outwork them but they slowed the game down effectively and they were tactically smart. They also adapted well to the conditions and they planned for this game very well."They're still a Super Rugby team and they're surprise a team somewhere along the line They've scored more tries than us in this tournament. The win is the most important thing for Smith even though it came at some physical cost as Raymond Rhule Paul Schoeman and Clinton Swart all came off with injuries.It is a winning culture that Smith is looking for and doesn't mind if his team find creative ways to win matches.He is a big believer in building a winning culture and conjuring wins in different ways is part of the package. The nice thing is that we now can score tries when we keep the ball very well. There wasn't much wrong that we did because we made the necessary metres when he had the ball."The most important thing is that we're closing out these close matches because I have a feeling most of our matches will be like this."The fact that we've been involved in three tight matches at the start of the season can only do us a world of good Smith said. I wanted to win three out of three games and I'm more disappointed with the fact we lost to the Lions."We've got the result and we're building a winning culture and if it's going to take one point or one game at a time then it's fine because you have to take it one game at a time. - TMG Digital