Whether you love him or despise him, you just can’t ignore Donald Trump. There are a lot of things Trump is known for, but here are a few facts that you just may not know. 1. At the age of 13, Trump was sent to the New York Military Academy (NYMA) due to behavioural problems in his previous school. 2.Trump launched a board game in 1989 called Trump which was all about making money in real estate. Players could flash the all-powerful Trump “You’re fired!” card  at each other to end all negotiations. 3. He starred in Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. His character gave directions and only lasted a few seconds. 4. According to the analysis conducted by DailyCaller, between 1989 and 2010, Trump donated more to the Democratic groups than he did to the Republicans 5. There are Trump talking figures selling on Amazon that shout out “You’re fired!” 6. The Donald has gone bankrupt four times. Not all of his business dealings were smart but he has an amazing way of rising again after failure. 7. A Christian Post.com article reveals that Donald Trump's  favorite book is The Bible and his second favorite book is The Art of the Deal, which he authored. 8. Donald Trump does not touch alcohol but rather prefers tea. 9. Trump’s mom, Mary Anne MacLeod,  was a poor immigrant who came to America from Scotland when she was only 18 years old with just fifty dollars to her name, according to Raw Story. 10. Trump's show The Apprentice, which brought him fame, was cancelled by NBC because they felt that Trump’s comments were too extreme and were reflecting badly on them. Also read: What Trump told Zuma in that phone callUS President Donald Trump urged President Jacob Zuma to collaborate on shared security threats and the fight against terrorism during their telephone conversation. Eight countries sign up to counter Trump's global anti-abortion moveEight countries have joined an initiative to raise millions of dollars to replace shortfalls caused by President Donald Trump's ban on U.S.-funded groups around the world providing information on abortion, Sweden's deputy prime minister said. Seattle judge blocks Trump's travel ban, White House to appealA Seattle federal judge on Friday put a nationwide block on U.S. President Donald Trump's week-old executive order that had temporarily barred refugees and nationals from seven countries from entering the United States. South Africans unaffected so far by Trump’s ‘Muslim ban’US President Donald Trump’s ban on refugees from several Muslim majority countries has not yet affected South Africa.   Sources:yourstory.com, moneyinc.com