Last year s undisputed schoolboy star Damian Willemse is set for his Super Rugby debut this weekend after being named on the Stormers bench for their match against the Southern Kings in Port Elizabeth.Willemse 18 who was at Paul Roos in Stellenbosch and was the SA Schools flyhalf that beat England Wales and France in 2016 will earn his chance sooner than expected after injury ruled out Jean-Luc du Plessis. Robert du Preez will start at flyhalf in Du Plessis absence paving the way for Willemse s debut from the bench. Coach Robbie Fleck who has never been afraid to select young players had no qualms about picking Willemse for this match. Fleck also named flyhalf Kurt Coleman on the bench suggesting that Willemse s role won t be as a pivot but rather a centre for this encounter. Damian played in the pre-season and was impressive and he is a player to watch " Fleck said of the 1.83m tall teenager."Giving him exposure in Super Rugby now will hold him in good stead down the line. I still have to manage the new players but it s clear this is a full strength team for this weekend. In all Fleck made six changes to the starting lineup after last week s 32-25 win over the Jaguares at Newlands with regular captain Siya Kolisi rested and lock Eben Etzebeth leading the Stormers for the first time. On the bench there are also possible debuts for looseforward Jaco Coetzee and scrumhalf Justin Phillips. Most of the changes are injury enforced with only Siya (Kolisi) and Seabelo Senatla (wing) rested Fleck said. But we have been forced to make these changes largely through injury those are the facts and therefore all the players picked have to be ready to play a significant role. Wing Bjorn Basson gives us experience in a young backline and bench. He has trained really well after being a late edition to the squad. Kings coach Deon Davids was also forced to make five changes and an additional positional switch for the match from the team that beat the Sunwolves 37-23 in Singapore last week. Following a spate of injuries at lock Irne Herbst is fit for the Cape derby after recovering from a concussion that ruled him out of last weekend s clash. The Kings will also begin the match with a new flank combination as opensider Chris Cloete and blindside Thembelani Bholi make their first starts of the season. Scrumhalf Ricky Schroeder will make his Super Rugby debut after Louis Schreuder (concussion) and Rudi van Rooyen (ankle) were injured in Singapore last week. Centre Luzuko Vulindlu who came off the bench in the first two matches of the season will start this weekend in a rotational change that sees Berton Klaasen moving to the bench.Vulindlu will wear the No12 jersey and the experienced former Bok Waylon Murray who played at inside centre in the past two matches moving to outside centre. Southern Kings: 15 Masixole Banda 14 Makazole Mapimpi 13 Waylon Murray 12 Luzuko Vulinduli 11 Malcolm Jaer 10 Lionel Cronje 9 Rick Schroeder 8 Riaan Lerm 7 Themelani Bholi 6 Chris Cloete 5 Irne Herbst 4 Tyler Paul 3 Ross Geldenhuys 2 Michael Willemse 1 Schalk Ferreira (c)Bench: 16 Kurt Haupt 17 Schalk van der Merwe 18 Chris Heiberg 19 Wilhelm van der Sluys 20 Andisa Ntsila 21 Johan Steyn 22 Pieter-Steyn de Wet 23 Berton Klaasen Stormers: 15 SP Marais 14 Dillyn Leyds 13 EW Viljoen 12 Dan du Plessis 11 Bjorn Basson 10 Robert du Preez 9 Dewaldt Duvenage 8 Nizaam Carr 7 Sikhumbuzo Notshe 6 Rynhardt Elstadt 5 Pieter-Steph du Toit 4 Eben Etzebeth (captain) 3 Frans Malherbe 2 Bongi Mbonambi 1 Oli Kebble. Replacements: 16 Ramone Samuels 17 JC Janse van Rensburg 18 Wilco Louw 19 Chris Van Zyl 20 Jaco Coetzee 21 Justin Phillips 22 Kurt Coleman 23 Damian Willemse. - TMG Digital