Siphiwe Tshabalala is an icon said his Kaizer Chiefs coach Steve Komphela as the 32-year-old midfield star prepares to play in a staggering 29th consecutive Soweto derby on Saturday.Ex-Bafana Bafana star Tshabalala long since passed Orlando Pirates defensive stalwart Lucky Lekgwathi s record of 22 derbies two years ago and is now just two games away from 30 of the famous matches.Having played his first derby in November 2007 Shabba has not missed another and having been as influential as ever for Chiefs this season is certain to start the Absa Premiership game on Saturday against Pirates at FNB Stadium. It s unbelievable. And this is what we expect from star players that they carry the team Komphela said of Tshabalala s run of derbies and influence for Chiefs this season. The one thing that I like about him apart from his hard work and dedication is his humility. Apart from football he s an icon. The amount of work he does outside of football in changing and affecting people s lives is unbelievable. And we can only wish him well and hope that at the end of his era we re going to have more of the Shabbas . The players who are with him now how much of him can be absorbed so that he can give us something in future. Often maligned for being considered a soft player in midfield Tshabalala cannot be faulted for the dedication he has shown for Chiefs.The left-footed roaming midfielder has become versatile in positions ranging from left and right wing to playmaker and deeper in central midfield or even centre-forward as false No. 9 . He was instrumental in Chiefs league and cup doubles of 2012-13 and 2014-15.This season while Amakhosi were labouring somewhat in the first half of the season Tshabalala still performed. And in Chiefs revival in fortunes from December he has weighed in with four goals and many assists.Asked how important the veteran is to fourth-placed Amakhosi s cause as they attempt to keep in touch with the title race Komphela said: Crucial. Very. And we pray that he stays injury-free. Tshabalala is big-match temperament player whose favourite ground is FNB where he scored the famous opening goal of the 2010 World Cup for Bafana against Mexico and often performs in the derby.Komphela will be looking for another big performance from Tshabalala on Saturday. - TMG Digital 