An ANC councillor facing attempted murder charges will have to spend at least one more week behind bars after he allegedly shot and wounded three men.Michael Motoane an ANC councillor in the Beaufort West municipality reportedly handed himself in after he allegedly shot three men at his business premises on Sunday morning.He appeared in court on Monday and was remanded in custody until March 20 when he will make his official bail hearing.Western Cape police spokesman Malcolm Pojie said the 54-year-old allegedly intervened when his son was attacked by three men. He took out his firearm and discharged ... several shots into the ground in an attempt to protect his son. The three aged between 23 and 34-years-old sustained wounds to the head shoulder and abdomen respectively said Pojie.He said the three victims were not councillors and there was no evidence suggesting the incident may be of a political nature. They were all taken to the local hospital and admitted for medical treatment. Police confiscated a 9mm pistol and a knife on the scene he added. He said police later opened a case of attempted murder and arrested Matoane.ANC Central Karoo regional secretary Windy Platjiees said Motoane had told the party about the shooting incident. The current details are that a group of young men entered the premises at Mandlenkosi and began to attack the councillors s son. As the father the councillor intervened by firing three warning shots said Platjiees.He said then went to make a statement to the police for an investigation.It is not the first time an ANC councillor has been involved with controversy involving the law in the Beaufort West municipality.Last year the municipality s former mayor Truman Prince who currently serves as a normal councillor was also in hot water when a traffic officer alleged he assaulted her.At the time Prince denied the assault charges. But during the same year a DA councillor Magdalena Slabbert accused Prince of assault during a community meeting. 