Organisers of the Pretoria anti-xenophobia march have expressed shock and dismay at the Presidency s alleged refusal to accept their memorandum branding government and president Jacob Zuma xenophobic.Themba Ncalo Chairperson of the Coalition of Civics Against Xenophobia said they were told in no uncertain terms and without any explanation that President Jacob Zuma s office woud not accept their memorandum. We arrived here and there was no one to take our memorandum. We asked a police commander to get us someone from the Presidency to receive our memorandum. He returned with a disappointing message from the office that our memorandum will not be accepted he told the crowd. It tells us that ANC Zuma and government is xenophobic. South Africans must stand against Zuma. [Police] are saying it is out of their hands as the message [that the memorandum will not be accepted] comes from the higher office he said.He said it was now up to the people to respond to the Presidency s snub and got a roaring Yes when he asked if they should go and occupy the highways. They will not accept our memorandum because it is not the ANC that is marching he added.Spokesperson of the Congolese community in South Africa Prince Mpinda said when South Africans marched against immigrants in a violent march recently their memorandum was accepted and Zuma said they were well organised. That means we are different from the locals and we are not welcomed. That is the message this refusal to accept our memorandum sends out and that is how it will be received by the greater population he said.Mpinda said they would pass the message that it is not safe to be in South Africa to the embassies of their respective countries as well as to the African Union.The group of about 200 people first gathering at the Burghers Park in the CBD before heading to the Union Buildings in Arcadia to hand over their memorandum.In their memorandum read at the Union Buildings lawns the coalition demands an investigation into and prosecution of Johannesburg mayor Herman Mashaba for inciting violence in his anti-immigrant utterances and decried what they referred to as government s poor response to xenophobic violence.The coalition made up of both locals and immigrants under the auspices of the Lawyers for Human Rights also wants measures in place for government to take serious the investigations of attacks on foreign nationals and their businesses as well as a campaign to tackle corruption within the police.According to the coalition issues of unemployment housing and crime are central to the xenophobic sentiments as locals blame immigrants for their unfortunate economic and social situations and these need to be addressed urgently to prevent further flare ups.The coalition wants government to convene an urgent meeting with Zuma which would involve all relevant government role players including Tshwane and Johannesburg authorities within fourteen day.