Bloemfontein Celtic have questioned the validity of the Premier Soccer League s dispute resolution chamber decision to order their coach Luc Eymael back to previous club Polokwane City.Speaking to Power FM Celtic CEO Khumbulani Konco questioned the use of a precedent by the DRC from a case in 2002 by Santos against Gordon Igesund and Ajax Cape Town.Eymael quit from Polokwane City on March 9 and joined Celtic a day later.Polokwane were seeking compensation of R2 8 million for the coach s services.At issue apparently were the coach s reasons given for his resignation from City.Polokwane apparently disputed that Eymael left as he had stated due to unhappiness and asserted that the coach s intention was to join Celtic.Konco said among the reasons given by the DRC for their decision on Tuesday afternoon were the precedent of the Santos case and the testimony of witnesses on behalf of City. The DRC recorded everything in the case and they had to come up with a decision of trying to dismiss any allegation or point that the other party was trying to prove as a reason of resignation Konco said. Because remember Luc Eymael stated his reason for why he resigned at Polokwane and the DRC members had to comment on those issues. One of the matters that came up was the precedent of a case between Santos Ajax Cape Town and Gordon Igesund. But what s funny about that case was that in the first instance Santos won the case where the DRC ordered the coach to go back to the former club Santos."But when it went to appeal the coach won the case. So it s a funny one as a precedent. (The DRC) also mentioned the witnesses who came for Polokwane City ... even though the coach has made the remark that afterwards some of the witnesses came to him and apologise that they had to lie under oath. Konco said Celtic and Eymael are weighing up their options on an appeal. Even though the verdict came out late yesterday (Tuesday) afternoon stating the coach needs to return to Polokwane they (the DRC) still give you enough time to weigh up your options Celtic s CEO said. The options are firstly the obvious of going through the appeal route which might take some time."Going through that route the coach will remain around Bloemfontein until the finalisation of the appeal. The second option will be us trying to mediate the situation between Polokwane and Luc Eymael and trying to see if the two clubs can try to arrive at something much better for both clubs. Eymael had not sat on the bench since joining Celtic due to the matter at the DRC. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport