South African Football Association (Safa) chief executive Dennis Mumble has revealed that they are talking to another coach besides Stuart Baxter for the vacant Bafana Bafana coaching position.Bafana have been without a full-time coach for almost four months since Ephraim Shakes Mashaba was sacked in December following a fallout with Safa officials. We have never said that we are talking to only one person. We have to make sure that we have alternatives and that s what we are working on now Mumble told TMG Digital. I can t mention names but there is more than one person we are talking to and it is something that we really have to try and finalise as soon as possible. Mumble said their biggest stumbling block in making the eagerly-awaited announcement is that the candidates Safa are talking to are contracted. We have been pushing every day hoping that we would be able to make an announcement but our problem is that there are some things or a couple of obstacles that we must overcome he said. We have been talking to under-contract people and that is one of the difficulties that we are facing. I am leaving the country on Saturday and I am hoping that by then we could do something. Every day we go in with the hope that we can finalise something but it has been a little bit difficult because of contractual arrangements. We are not going into this with our eyes closed so we are looking at other options to make sure that we give the country the best possible coach. Last month Mashaba s former assistant Owen Da Gama took charge of friendly matches against Guinea-Bissau and Angola in a caretaker capacity. Da Gama recalled Kamohelo Mokotjo and Kermit Erasmus who had become ostracised from the national team under Mashaba.Da Gama is expected to continue in his role as caretaker coach until Safa reach an agreement with someone to take over. That is one of the things that we are trying to resolve and what is dragging out this thing is availability Mumble said. Whoever we have been talking to the terms have been agreed but the major stumbling block is that people are contracted and to try to get them out of contracts is proving a little bit more difficult. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport