It is being hyped as a potential Africa conference decider but the Lions Super Rugby clash against the Stormers at Newlands on Saturday shouldn t leave the vanquished in a state of despair. At least that how Lions coach Johan Ackermann sees it.The team with the most log points from the two African conferences is assured of a favourable draw in the playoffs and although his side and the Stormers head their respective groups Ackermann was cautious to over-invest in the result. There is so much rugby to be played and it is an away game for us the Gloucester-bound coach said. We can certainly gain momentum from this because it is against a great team so you get confidence out of it. We still have four home games and the tour to go on. I don t think it will have a massive influence (on the ultimate look of the log). We mustn t get ahead of ourselves either way. He said it is even less complicated for the Stormers. Nobody is chasing them. They have the luxury of a big gap in the conference. The clash also has the potential to be the biggest derby on South African soil this year but Ackermann is trying to avoid the superlatives.His team showed tremendous courage to down the belligerent Sharks in their last game but their momentum may have been stunted by last weekend s bye. Captain Warren Whiteley however countered that view by suggesting it was good to rid themselves of the bumps and bruises suffered against the Sharks.Although the win over the Sharks required them to dig deep and front up to the physical challenge they are yet to hit their straps in their attacking play this season. That is what we are striving towards. The closest we came was against the Reds agreed Whiteley.Ackermann is also aware his team is yet to put their best paw forward but he is confident they can rise to challenge presented by Robbie Fleck s resurgent side. It s what happens on the day. It s like (Sergio ) Garcia in the golf. He tried 73 times (to win a Major) but on the day (last week s final round in the Masters) he performed. We must pitch up Ackermann said simplifying the challenge.He adopted the same approach in selection retaining the starting pack that has done duty on four previous occasions this season.It includes loosehead prop Ruan Dreyer who will play in his 50th Super Rugby match at Newlands.Among the backs fullback Andries Coetzee and centre Lionel Mapoe return from injury while scrumhalf Ross Cronje cracks the nod ahead of Faf de Klerk.The coach believes in continuity when the going is good. In the starting line-up there were some players who could continue after the break. A player like Ross did good things when he came on (against the Sharks). He needs the opportunity to start. Some of the guys were in good form and they pick themselves. STORMERS: 15 SP Marais 14 Cheslin Kolbe 13 EW Viljoen 12 Dan du Plessis 11 Dillyn Leyds 10 Robert du Preez 9 Jano Vermaak 8 Sikhumbuzo Notshe 7 Siya Kolisi (c) 6 Nizaam Carr 5 Pieter-Steph du Toit 4 Eben Etzebeth 3 Frans Malherbe 2 Bongi Mbonambi 1 JC Janse van RensburgReplacements: 16 Ramone Samuels 17 Oli Kebble 18 Wilco Louw 19 Jan de Klerk 20 Johan du Toit 21 Godlen Masimla 22 Kurt Coleman 23 Dan KrielLIONS: 15 Andries Coetzee 14 Madosh Tambwe 13 Lionel Mapoe 12 Rohan Janse van Rensburg 11 Courtnall Skosan 10 Elton Jantjies 9 Ross Cronje 8 Warren Whiteley (c) 7 Ruan Ackermann 6 Jaco Kriel 5 Franco Mostert 4 Andries Ferreira 3 Ruan Dreyer 2 Malcolm Marx 1 Jacques v RooyenReplacements: 16 Robbie Coetzee 17 Corne Fourie 18 Johannes Jonker 19 Lourens Erasmus 20 Kwagga Smith 21 Faf de Klerk 22 Harold Vorster 23 Sylvian Mahuza - TMG Digital 