Businesses and municipal services around the troubled Vuwani area in Limpopo remained closed yesterday amid a renewed shutdown sparked by unresolved demarcation issues.Residents of Vuwani and surrounding areas have been locked in a bitter struggle to reverse a decision by the Municipal Demarcation Board to incorporate parts of Makhado municipality into newly formed Lim 345 municipality. Lim 345 also includes Malamulele and its villages.Vuwani rejected the plan, and descended into an orgy of violence and destruction that left 30 schools partly or completely destroyed last year.No cases of public violence and arson have been completed in courts since.The latest protest was sparked by last week's announcement that the board would not review its initial decision, insisting that Vuwani would stay part of the new Lim 345 municipality.An attempt to hold a mass community meeting at the Nandoni Stadium was thwarted by police on Sunday on account that the gathering was illegal. Police also arrested two people in connection with malicious damage to property and incitement to commit public violence.Yesterday, Pro-Makhado task team spokesman Nsovo Sambo said the shutdown would continue until their issues were resolved. He also said they were applying for a permission to hold a rally.Sambo said they believed that their issues could be resolved by strong political leadership. He said the situation in the area was calm."We preach peace. We do not want criminal elements," Sambo said.Provincial police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said the two suspects were arrested after the stoning of passing vehicles. The pair would appear in court soon.The shutdown is inconveniencing residents. Christina Mutavhatsindi boarded a taxi to Thohoyandou because shops in Vuwani were closed.Mutavhatsindi, who uses a walking aid, said: "The strike is really affecting us. I am sick and now I'm forced to go far to buy food because everything is closed here."Taxi driver Christopher Sirambe admitted business was slow because people were not coming into the town to shop.Provincial government spokesman Phuti Seloba said: "We don't need violence and shutdowns to resolve problems." Two suspects are due in a Limpopo court later today following renewed protests in Vuwani over the inclusion of the area into a new municipality with Malamulele police said.Vuwani just outside Thohoyandou in Limpopo was the scene of violent protests in May last year after the inclusion of the area into a new municipality. More than 20 schools were burned down in arson attacks.The area again saw protests over the weekend. Limpopo police spokesperson Lieutenant-Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said two people are expected to appear in the Malamulele magistrate s court on charges of malicious damage to property and incitement to commit public violence later on Tuesday.Ngoepe said it was relatively quiet in the area except for sporadic incidents of throwing of stones to the passing cars which the police dealt with swiftly.He said police were immediately deployed last week after local community leaders mobilised community members to embark on protest action.