One million rand: the annual incentive offered to the elite men and women running the Two Oceans Marathon on Easter Saturday. This prize is specifically for any woman or man capable of breaking decades old record times in their respective races. But since the prize was first announced in 2014 it has not been conferred on race day.The money fronted by headline sponsor Old Mutual has become a source of conflict among both competitors and coaches. Initially used as a source of motivation to bring IAAF level runners to South Africa the money is now a distraction according to some coaches something unattainable and the cause behind some runners poor finishes at Two Oceans. We tell our runners not to go for the record and to be honest they don t want the risk. You could throw your win away by going out too hard and end up with nothing left near the finish Nedbank national manager Nick Bester said.South African Thomas Magawana set the current record in 1988 with a time of 3:03:44 - a record that has never really been contested. The closest a runner has come to breaking Magawana s time was Zimbabwean Marko Mambo who ran a 3:05:39 in 2005.Magawana s record is untouchable for a couple of reasons according to Norrie Williamson Virtual Coach for Two Oceans. Williamson points to South Africa s limited international competition during the 1980s as the main reason behind the lower times. Isolation is the only reason why the record is there. If you look at the Comrades record it hasn t been broken in years because of the same thing. The best runners can make a great deal of money overseas. Back in the 80s the only incentives were based on beating each other Williamson said.Coaches and athletes have a different complaint with the record: a route change that took place shortly after the record was set. Prior to the change Two Oceans began at Claremont leading runners to a sharp uphill in the first several kilometres of the race. Then with around 5 kilometres to go the course would become a straight downhill giving runners the ability to sprint straight to the finish. Today s course features the reverse with a downhill to start and undulating hills in the last 5 kilometres. If they want to make it fair the best time on this current course must count as the record. You can t just take some time from the previous course and apply it to what we use now it doesn t make any sense Bester said.Two Oceans has addressed complaints in the past regarding the route change but citing an increased number of runners as well as the need for more course safety as reasons behind sticking with the new layout. General Manager Carol Vosloo believes the record still could be broken despite a more challenging course. As much as the new course is deemed as more difficult the reward is commiserative to the challenge. The introduction and advancements in technology training nutrition and information available to athletes creates the opportunity to achieve this goal Vosloo said.Williamson also noted the record could eventually be broken but ceded that the runners with the times needed to break the record aren t entering. Oceans really needs someone that can run a 2:08 marathon as well as someone who will run their own race at their own pace. It s a tactical race where you need to pace yourself absolutely correctly. Look at the way the top South Africans have run in the past decade they come out too fast. It leaves you with nothing left on the back end which is where the records are broken Williamson said.Although Williamson and Vosloo both agree this probably is not the year one million rand will be doled out following the race both still see it as the reason why Magawana s time will eventually fall. Of course if you have enough money against it someone will come along. It s great that money is there but we need to keep it there for the next two years or so someone is incentivised to meet it. If it stays there then I see someone moving up to take it Williamson said.TMG Digital/TimesLIVE