Even though his favourite team Kaizer Chiefs lost falling behind on the Absa Premiership race Matthew von Meyer nonetheless left Cape Town Stadium on Wednesday night a winner. Von Meyer proposed to his girlfriend of eight years Natasha Malgas at halftime in the 3-2 loss to Cape Town City and she said yes. I started planning this early this year Von Meyer said. I spoke to her parents first and got their blessings."They told me I should be careful that she doesn t faint."I chose to do it at the stadium because we are football fanatics and we both support Chiefs."We attend all the games in Cape Town and some around South Africa whenever we can."She had no idea I was planning to do this. Von Meyer who was born in Umtata e-mailed Cape Town City with a request to propose to Malgas at halftime.Komphela left the Chiefs bench to go change his pants in defeat to CityThe club agreed and so did the Premier Soccer League after the Citizens made the request to them.KFM DJ Ryan O Connor joined in to serve as the MC of the proposal.Malgas was called to the pitch under the guise that she had won a prize. I still don t know how he kept this from me Malgas said. I am such a planner that I have to know what s happening when and where."To be surprised like this was overwhelming."Every girl dreams of a fairy-tale proposal that she will never forget."But in most cases it remains a dream. He made that a reality for me."I was speechless when he went down on one knee."I froze. Even now it hasn t sunk in. I have always been a sport fan."We both support Chiefs and a cousin of mine used to play for them. In the early stages of their relationship which started eight years ago after they met at University of the Western Cape Malgas tried to win the remote battle when Chiefs were playing. I told him to be more considerate that we must share the hours and watch TV equally."But I realised that I will never win when Chiefs was are playing. I have accepted that Malgas said. When Chiefs is on there is no competition. Chiefs haven t given Von Meyer Malgas and other supporters much to celebrate about this season.Their loss to the Citizens on Wednesday night moved them closer to finishing two trophy-less seasons.Ordinarily the drive from the stadium after such a loss would have been sombre. But this time around it wasn t. We actually stayed for some time after the game taking it all in Von Meyer said. There were a couple of our friends there. I invited some of her friends so that they will be there to celebrate with us. I wanted to make this moment special."At first there was silence in the car when it was just the two of us. She then asked me how I did it and why."It was difficult to watch the second half after she said yes but we did. Chiefs might have lost but I won. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport