The Blitzboks only need to qualify for the quarterfinals of the last two legs on the HSBC World Sevens Series to win the overall title for the first time since 2009.After a disappointing sixth place finish in Singapore two weeks ago the only time they have failed to make the final this season the Blitzboks need to refocus in the final two legs in Paris and London in May. They hold a 25-point cushion over Fiji at the top of the standings which means the overall title is theirs to lose. After a spate of injuries there was some good news.Playmaker Rosco Specman will return after missing Hong Kong and Singapore. Coach Neil Powell said the team just has to retain focus to maintain its assault on the title. When climbing a mountain if you re focused on the summit you re more than likely going to trip over your next step which is ultimately the most important step you re taking Powell told the Conqagroup website. We can t focus on the end goal we can t allow ourselves to cruise and we can t get comfortable with the knowledge that all we need is a quarterfinal place in the final tournaments. We re conscious not to talk about it in the camp. Last year we tripped up towards the latter part of the season and underperformed when we most needed to step up. A large part of that is down to how we spoke too much about the overall World Series and lost focus. We ve learned those lessons and are doing our best not to make the same mistakes. The World Series is a big thing to think about but it s just a collection of individual tournaments that are themselves a collection of individual matches. And those individual matches are made up of a collection of plays and movements; tackles ball carries side-steps clean outs turnovers. If we focus on getting those individual plays right by remembering and sticking to our processes we tend to be successful in those games. In turn if we re successful in those individual games we are successful in the tournaments."That philosophy has got us here where winning the title is within our grasp. We re not thinking big picture because we haven t all season. Why start now? - TMG Digital