An annoyed SuperSport United will give the South African Football Association until the middle of next week to conclude their negotiations with Stuart Baxter on the vacant Bafana Bafana coaching position.If the talks are not finalised one way or another by then SuperSport CEO Stan Matthews told Times Media Digital then the club will call a halt to proceedings.Baxter has been in negotiations with SuperSport s blessings for the Bafana head coaching job which has been vacant now for a staggering four months since previous coach Shakes Mashaba s sacking in December.SuperSport had given Safa a deadline of one week for talks with Baxter which has long-since past. It s very simple we gave them a week they ve taken three. It s not satisfactory for us and it s not satisfactory for Stuart Matthews said. And unfortunately he had to have an operation yesterday so he s out of commission for a week so I don t want to stress him during that time. But if the situation isn t resolved by the middle of next week we re going to call it off or we are going to make our own announcement. Baxter was given this week off for a medical operation after he suffered discomfort during SuperSport s Nedbank Cup penalties victory against Kaizer Chiefs on Saturday evening.Matthews said Baxter has been waiting for Safa to come back to him on non-financial details . I can t speak on his behalf but what I can say is that there are non-financial issues that Stuart has been requesting details of from Safa for three weeks and they haven t come back to him on SuperSport s CEO said. And it s just getting unfair. I can t sign pre-contracts for next season if he s not my coach. I can t move. I ve got Africa to deal with and the group stages of the Caf Confederation Cup to think of now I ve got four spaces to fill in the squad for that. And I don t know who I can fill those with because I don t know who my coach is which is wrong. Baxter has told Times Media Digital that SuperSport are waiting for Safa to come back to them on whether he can remain on as coach of his club until the end of the season while simultaneously starting in the Bafana job. That s non-negotiable whatever happens. That s not one of the things Matthews said. I think it s more related to his future the structure of his support staff and so on. And the guy wants to know and he s got a right to know. Three weeks is gone and he hasn t been give the details that he wants. So I think he s annoyed we re annoyed if it s not resolved by the middle of next week then I think it s time to call a halt on proceedings. Matthews said to his knowledge Baxter has recovered from his condition that led to an operation.The coach was not on SuperSport s bench in their 1-0 league win against Bidvest Wits at Bidvest Stadium on Tuesday night and Matthews confirmed he will not be again for the PSL fixture against Chiefs at Lucas Moripe Stadium. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport