Chad Le Clos delivered another world-class display to finish off the SA championships in Durban on Saturday night suggesting there s cause for great expectations at the world championships later this year. He was one of eight swimmers at the gala to achieve A-standard qualifying times for the international showpiece in Budapest in July.They include three new faces in Zane Waddell Brent Szurdoki and Tatjana Schoenmaker who is likely to give the championships a miss to focus on the World Student Games.Waddell was one of three swimmers to hit the A-qualifying time in 50m freestyle but countries are allowed to enter only two swimmers per event.Szurdoki however whose father was born in Hungary s capital produced a late surge to beat the 15min 12.79sec qualifying time and defending champion Matthew Meyer in the process.Szurdoki who missed qualifying for last year s Olympics by 0.63sec touched in 15.11.22 while Meyer the 19-year-old Rio Olympian missed out by less than half-a-second clocking 15:13.11.For a large chunk of the race it seemed as if neither swimmer would get there. I think we were off-track until the last 100m said Szurdoki. Throughout the whole race I could see that we needed to go faster you try spot your coach up in the stands and then you see them waving you on. He and Meyer were neck and neck for most of the contest. I don t know if I would have done it without him added the Johannesburg-based swimmer who pulled out of the 200m and 800 freestyle races to focus on this race.Szurdoki short for a swimmer at 1.70m achieved his hard-fought dream without his parents in attendance because they couldn t get afford to take off work. Things have been difficult said Szurdoki who started studying exercise science this year. I didn t know if I would be able to study. I got a bursary so that helped me out a lot. I wasn t sure if I was going to get to study. Financially things aren t always the greatest. My mom being single we work hard to get everything that we can so that s why I m grateful for everything that she does for me. US-based student Waddell 19 set impressive personal bests in both the 100m and 50m freestyle sandwiching himself between Olympians Brad Tandy and Doug Erasmus for the silver medal in the shorter race on Saturday night.Tandy won in 21.97 ahead of Waddell (22.41) and Erasmus (22.63).The selectors have an interesting choice: Tandy is a shoe-in but for the second 50m freestyler do they go for Waddell who got the time in the final or for Erasmus who went a slightly quicker 22.39 in the semifinals?Even if they opt for Erasmus Waddell could be picked for the 100m freestyle because Swimming SA is accepting slower B-qualifying times in cases where swimmers are young or female or black.Rebecca Meder the 14-year-old Cape Town schoolgirl won five gold medals to establish herself as one to watch for the future.She achieved a few B-qualifying times but her focus this year will be the age-group world championships and the Youth Commonwealth Games.Le Clos was chuffed after his 51.29 world lead in the 100m butterfly. I was just happy to go a bit faster [than the semifinals]. That s very exciting. Usually by this time at nationals I m dying so I think for me this is awesome said Le Clos who switched coaches after the Rio Games. A lot of people were doubting my move. The small signs are showing already that I m improving. I m already on what I was on in Rio unshaven small rest. I m looking forward to the summer. Le Clos said he was hoping to get at least one gold medal at the world championships but pointed out he was nearly a second behind Olympic 100m butterfly champion Joseph Schooling of Singapore. I ve got a lot of work to do still I m not going to get carried away with this said a stern Le Clos who turns 25 on Wednesday.But then he added with a smile: Ready to rock and roll. The king is back. A-qualifiers:Men: Chad Le Clos (100m &amp; 200m freestyle 100m &amp; 200m butterfly); Cameron van der Burgh (50m &amp; 100m breaststroke); Myles Brown (200m freestyle); Brad Tandy Doug Erasmus and Zane Waddell (all 50m freestyle); Brent Szurdoki (1500m freestyle).Women: Tatjana Schoenmaker (200m breaststroke). - TMG Digital/TMG Sport