While others were calling for President Jacob Zuma s downfall thousands joined in prayer for the opposite at Zuma s birthday celebration in Kliptown Soweto on Wednesday. The Bible says God does not judge. It says forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us said a pastor who spoke at the celebrations.He was met with a loud Amen from the crowd.The pastor said Zuma was not going anywhere . According to Nomvula Mokonyane a total of 25 000 people has gathered for Zuma s birthday with both the main tent and overflow area filled to the brim. Zuma was jubilant as he stood to join traditional maskandi group Mroza in dance. His wife Thobeka took her place next to him also dressed in ANC colours. If Zuma adopted men I would be happy says Zuma supporterA patch of blonde hair in a sea of black African supporters stood out in a crowd of ANC supporters who were in Kliptown Soweto on Wednesday to celebrate the birthday of President Jacob Zuma. I am here to support my ANC my president and my country said Recato Eberwein dressed in a yellow t-shirt depicting Zuma s face on it. He has been an ANC member since 2008 but has voted for them since 1999. His birthday message to Zuma: I would like to wish the president a happy birthday and I hope there is many more to come and if he can adopt me I would be very happy. Eberwein from Heidelberg said he was at the anti-Zuma marches in Pretoria earlier this morning but he was there in support of Zuma. He claimed to have been met with opposition by members of the Economic Freedom Fighters.Eberwein said Zuma would never step down adding that he had done nothing wrong . Kliptown was vibrant in preparation of the birthday celebrations. Yellow-clad ANC supporters wondered around ahead of Zuma s arrival.The mood was celebratory with music blasting from large speakers outside a marquee where Zuma was expected later on Wednesday afternoon.Several groups of people dressed in camouflage fatigues were also positioned around the area. A young group of drum majorettes entertained the crowds. They wore t- shirts with Happy Birthday Msholozi printed on the back. Meanwhile the streets of Kliptown were lined with vendors selling ANC regalia. Hundreds more people were expected to still make their way to the venue. 