You sensed Kaizer Chiefs had for some time missed the kind of celebrations they had at FNB Stadium on Saturday.As soon as the final whistle of their Absa Premiership match against Mamelodi Sundowns sounded, the mood switched from the palpable tension that had characterised the last few minutes to that of exuberant delirium.It was as if a cup had been won, with players joining in the song and dance, and even some team officials such as Bobby Motaung descending from the suites to applaud the crowd.The 2-1 win Amakhosi got over Pitso Mosimane's team may have been worth a mere three points, but it was exactly what Steve Komphela required: a way to exorcise a ghost - that of not having a meaningful victory against a fellow giant.Komphela had, until Saturday, struggled to get one over either Sundowns or Orlando Pirates since arriving at Naturena in 2015. He had only managed a 0-0 draw against the Brazilians, with two defeats, in three matches. It didn't help him much that in his first six months, he saw Chiefs fail to win in two cup finals - against Ajax Cape Town and Sundowns.He holds the unwanted record of being the first Chiefs coach to lose a cup final to the Brazilians. He is also the first Amakhosi coach to fail to win a Soweto Derby in his first four league games, his only win over Pirates coming via penalties in the 2015 Telkom Knockout semifinals. Even that victory didn't draw the hyperbolic celebrations we saw on Saturday, where only champagne and confetti were missing.The reality is that there used to be a time when such victories didn't flatter Chiefs. They were routine. Any team - even Downs - wore the underdogs tag. Amakhosi fans will now hope that Saturday was the start of a shift in the balance of power, rather than a flash in the pan. They will be confident that, after disposing of the African champions, they can mount a credible championship challenge.After all - unlike Sundowns, Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United - they don't have to contend with a hectic schedule that includes African club competitions, a point acknowledged by Komphela recently.And this month's schedule should provide a clearer picture of Chiefs' title credentials.It would be miraculous if a squad so lacking in depth could pull off a title triumph. The next chapter should be winning a trophy for Komphela to silence his detractors - not merely looking for the biggest three points of his managerial career at Chiefs.