The Stormers are just about lapping the field in the Africa 1 Super Rugby conference after five wins in five outings but coach Robbie Fleck believes he will only have a true understanding of his team s progress after this weekend s match against the Chiefs.The New Zealanders are the form team in the tournament and have a great pedigree.They humbled the Stormers 60-21 in the quarterfinal at Newlands last year which prompted Fleck to insist on radical changes at the Stormers. Two key aspects to Fleck s approach were that conditioning and skills had to improve substantially.To do that players had to embrace a more professional lifestyle work harder and smarter and spend more hours practicing their own skills. He employed New Zealander Paul Feeney to provide insight into the NZ mindset and gave him the latitude to change the way players approach the game.In short he has taught Stormers players not to be afraid of the ball [possession]. And so far the results have been impressive culminating in last week s 53-10 win over the Cheetahs that included eight tries.The Stormers are already 13 points clear at the top of the conference. It was the first time since 2009 when they beat the Lions 56-18 that the Stormers have scored eight tries in a match.The fewest tries they have scored in a match this season is four against the Jaguares while they scored five against the Bulls and six against both the Kings and Sunwolves in away matches. In total they have scored 29 tries the same amount they scored in 2012 when they made the semi-finals. The squad is confident at the moment but this week [against the Chiefs] will be the ultimate test of where we are Fleck said. There have been signs of improvement and we have grown as a team but you can only really measure your progress when you come up against a team like the Chiefs."They destroyed us in last year s quarterfinal so it s up to us to put some good plans in place and put last year behind us. I can only give you a clearer answer about where we are after next Saturday night. We are a lot fitter than we were. In the last 10 minutes against the Chiefs last year they put us to the sword. Every game we have played this year we have finished stronger than the opponents baring the opening game against the Bulls."We finished really strongly against the Cheetahs which shows our conditioning is good. We can handle a high tempo game and play at the same speed until the end. In combination with our improved defence we are in decent shape and they are the two most pleasing aspects that came out of the Cheetahs game. *The Stormers have signed NZ centre Shaun Treeby on a short-term contract after losing Damian de Allende Huw Jones and Juan de Jongh to long-term injuries. Treeby played 50 matches for the Highlanders. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport