Kaizer Chiefs Nedbank Cup Last 16 clash with amateur side Acornbush United on Sunday at Kabokweni Stadium will test their mental resolve on two levels. The Soweto giants have fallen to teams from the lower leagues four times in this tournament three times at this stage.This game also comes right after the club s biggest win and commanding performance of the season against the country and the continent s reigning champions Mamelodi Sundowns.Now they have to move from psyching themselves up for that great challenge of Sundowns to facing a team that s two divisions below them. It's a massive downgrade with an even bigger risk. It boils down to respect Chiefs coach Steve Komphela said. It is about the mind-set. How you go on with your business is a definition of who you are. How you do one thing is how you do everything."How we regard any other match is how we regard the Acornbush match. The mentality is the same. A very positive mind-set. We will go into this match with the ambition to win it by playing our game. That s important."Play the Chiefs way win the match and don t consider the strength of the opponent. They have shown that they are strong they beat Cape Town City to get to this stage. Acornbush aren t a completely closed book to Komphela. There are a handful of players that he worked with at Free State Stars.His time at Ea Lla Koto Platinum Stars and Maritzburg United will also help Komphela have an idea what will go through Acornbush s coach Macdonald Makhubedu s mind.Komphela thrived against big teams in his times with those unfancied clubs. Chiefs were lucky to return with a point from Pietermaritzburg when Komphela led the Team of Choice. Now the roles have been reserved he is the one at Chiefs planning against teams that want to stun South Africa s cup kings. It s different Komphela said. From a planning point of view it was easier to plan for Chiefs Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns (when I was with those teams) because every match they play is on TV."All the tactical permutations their coaches employ you find it that you have them at the back of your mind. You have it in your books recorded. You on the other hand have one or two matches shown after a while. They don t see much of you."They don t know as much. At Chiefs we re an open book. But all that we have to do is to keep playing better and better."Keep on improving because that s the burden and blessing of being who we are. So for us at Chiefs every game is a cup final there it was just matches. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport