Stormers coach Robbie Fleck has defended the short-term signing of New Zealand centre Shaun Treeby for the remainder of the 2017 Super Rugby season.Fleck was questioned why the franchise felt it necessary to look outside the region to find centre cover especially as the young trio of Daniel du Plessis EW Viljoen and Dan Kriel are doing well at this early stage of the campaign. But the Stormers were forced to look to add midfield depth after injuries ruled out Springboks Juan de Jongh and Damian de Allende and Scotland international Huw Jones for the bulk of the season. "They [De Allende Jones and De Jongh] are all international-class centres and that is a vast amount of experience especially at Super Rugby level " said Fleck. "The only three remaining midfielders in the group are EW Dan Kriel and Daniel Du Plessis and they only have a handful of Super Rugby caps. "The thinking behind signing Treeby is that if we have one more injury in the midfield we would need to find an immediate replacement.Secondly Treeby has vast Super Rugby experience. He played for the Highlanders he has over 50 caps for them and he brings a wealth of experience to our setup. "We looked within South Africa and within our own borders for a replacement but with the type of experience we need and with the type of midfielder we needed we went with Shaun Treeby." Chiefs captain and All Black flyhalf Aaron Cruden thought Treeby s signing was a good move by the Stormers. It s good because of the way the Stormers are playing this year. They are trying to be more expansive and growing up in NZ you are taught from a young age to back your skill sets and throw the ball around Cruden said. I ve played with Shaun through the age grades and he s a good player and he will only strengthen the Stormers lineup. Treeby is unlikely to feature against the Chiefs this weekend though with Kriel Du Plessis and Viljoen set to share the midfield duties between them for another week at least. "It is the first game this season against NZ team and it is a great opportunity for us to gauge how far we have come together as a group Fleck said. "We can see that there are improvements but this is the test. This is the team that put us to the sword last year and it is important that we show signs of improvement on Saturday. "We have trained incredibly hard for this game. Whatever the result this weekend as long as we can see that we are moving on and upwards we will be a happy bunch. - TMG Digital