Slowly you start to see Kjell Jonevret s game plan. Bearing in mind of course that this is a coach inheriting two predecessors squads and a team low on confidence for whom the 2016-17 season has gone onion-shaped.But after two wins in succession a first league win for the coach in five games and for Orlando Pirates in 12 slowly you do start to see the progress and the intention and the idea.That s how coaching changes work.In the first few weeks and games especially for someone completely new to the league the country the playing style; to everything you see very little.With a good coach you start to see the building blocks emerging.Maritzburg United s promising young coach Fadlu Davids summed it up after his side s 2-0 Absa Premiership defeat at Orlando Stadium on Tuesday night.Davids on the bench as caretaker when United beat the Buccaneers then coached by Augusto Palacios 2-1 at Harry Gwala Stadium in December was asked to compare Pirates then and now. They re a bit more defensively structured " the ex-United striking stalwart said."When you look at the possession stats and even the stats when we were playing with 10 men they focus a lot within their 4-2-3-1 really sitting being compact. One example is (right-back) Thabo Matlaba usually is under-lapping he s overlapping he s all over the pitch."He s a bit more structured now waiting for the right moment to move forward. So he (Jonevret) has brought a lot of stability perhaps not getting all the wins that he was supposed to."But a lot more structure a lot more direction in terms of how they want to defend. And I m sure as any coach comes in that is the first thing you have to work on get the defence sorted. And you can clearly see that in their playing style in their approach against us. We unlocked them in certain ways which I think was not due to their inability to defend but more I have to compliment to my players in terms of finding positions on the pitch where they are weak in terms of Pirates' blind spot between the lines. There is a structure within Pirates you can clearly see it compared to the last time we played. And I really think they are on a good way. A key aspect of Pirates improved solidity in their last two matches has been the new central pairing of Issa Sarr and Abbubaker Mobara.Both close the spaces that were previously opening alarmingly from a side who have conceded six goals twice this season particularly the more defensive tireless Sarr.The more attacking Mobara makes up for Sarr s often poor touch with a sublime touch.They have given Bucs a more solid platform to operate off. These are the kinds of building blocks you start to see from new coaches.Along with the sitting deeper the waiting the structural discipline Pirates will be harder to break down now.That gives them a solid platform to launch more structured attacks from.Two wins in the greater scheme of things is nothing. It could also be everything. Pirates desperately needed a turning point.By the way they are starting to play the way their coach conducts himself the sense he speaks the bonhomie he generates and now some results too this has been a promising start for the Swede.The Nedbank Cup this season still beckons.Otherwise next season just might be promising for these underachievers whose run without a trophy since the 2014 Nedbank is now becoming glaring. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport