A wonderful flowing backline move finished off by Jesse Kriel in the 74th minute and some questionable decision-making late in the game saved the Bulls from yet another indignity this season. The Bulls are accustomed to awkward Super Rugby moments but a losing double against the Cheetahs ranks as one of the worst.While it was only their third win in eight matches, it allows them an easier break for their bye before confronting the New Zealand threats and the Lions next month.The Cheetahs have mastered the art of the immaculate first half but they were let down by another insipid second half showing. While they left a fair few points, they were deserved first stanza leaders.Paul Schoeman's seventh minute try from a rolling was an indication of their improved physicality but they mixed well with the Bulls in the collisions. Interestingly, they chose to run from almost everywhere, probably in recognition of the counter-attacking threat posed by Warrick Gelant. With one foray the Gelant had, he tore the Cheetahs defence to shreds but there weren't any support runners to complement his work. That was symptomatic of the lack of creativity the Bulls displayed, clearly missing Handre Pollard's influence at flyhalf. Tian Schoeman's no slouch but he's not in Pollard's class. Based on his performance, it's going to be a painfully long period without their star pivot even though he improved in the second half. While Schoeman's normally unflappable from the kicking tee, him missing an easy penalty in the 15th minute sent upset the already irritable crowd. Jacques Potgieter's 55th minute try brought the Bulls back into the game. It was a turning point considering how the Bulls have been able to raise their game in the second stanza. The Cheetahs have been the opposite, with last week's capitulation against the Chiefs being the glaring example.Their Achilles' heel has been to think the game can be wrapped up in 40 minutes but a stout defensive performance is a prerequisite. The Bulls with their soapy hands in the red zone were the perfect team for them to get their defence patterns going.There wasn't much of a threat coming from the Bull in an attacking sense, which made the Cheetahs breathe easier after being run ragged by the Chiefs.They were also aided by some profligacy at the breakdown where the Bulls' lack of a genuine opensider with their specialists all injured continues to hurt them.However, there was nothing they could do to prevent the flowing move that led to Kriel's try. It was the first time in the game their backs were let loose and they're a dangerous bunch.Having taken in their chastening experiences, the Cheetahs went for the win and only some frenzied tackling from the hosts and weird choice by Raymond Rhule to go for the line with no support saved the Bulls' bacon.Scorers:Bulls (20): Tries: Jacques Potgieter, Jesse Kriel Conversions: Tian Schoeman (2)Penalties: Schoeman (2)Cheetahs (14):Try: Paul SchoemanPenalties: Niel Marais (3) - TMG Digital/TMG Sport