Cape Town City coach Eric Tinkler says Bongolethu Jayiya can step up his game to a level much higher than the performance that saw the striker score the fastest hat trick in Premier Soccer League history on Monday night.It took just 10 minutes for Jayiya to bang in three early goals against Chippa United at the Athlone Stadium as City went on to to win 4-1 and regain top place in the Premier Soccer League standings. It s great for Bongo! I ve been on his case for quite a while now because I know what he is capable of " Tinkler said."I found Bongo back in 2007 so I know about him and his history and I expected him to achieve a lot more than what he has as a footballer."And that s what he is capable of. He needs now to become consistent. That s what has become very important in his game. Jayiya who also banged in a hat trick last season while still in the colours of Mpumalanga Black Aces got his trio of goals between the sixth and 16th minute but had no reaction to his feat when interviewed after the game by SuperSport as he collected the man of the match award. It was all about the result today he said."We had to assert ourselves. The past two games we didn t play well so we had to come out today and play our football. This trophy is for my teammates and the management. Jayiya was one of the 14 players who moved to Cape Town at the beginning of the season when the Black Aces franchise was bought by John Comitis.He started at Wits when Tinkler was coaching there initially with their third tier side Bidvest Boys before moving on to the first teamOnly Moses Khoali and John Special Makhubu have scored faster hat tricks in South African soccer history.Khoali took five minutes for Vaal Professionals versus African Wanderers scoring in the 10th 13th and 15th minutes in 1971 in a league match.Makhubu took six minutes for Moroka Swallows against Leeds scoring in the 11th 16th and 17th minutes. In 1991 Kevin Mudie scored four goals in the first half for AmaZulu against amateurs Triron Spurs in the BoB Save Super Bowl. - TMG Digital