The families of two of the 43 people who lost their lives at Ellis Park Stadium 16 years ago have made a passionate plea to those running football in the country don t forget our fallen children. Just like in the previous years little was done to commemorate the day that saw 43 people lose their lives on April 11 2001 during a Soweto Derby between Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates.But that silence hasn t stopped the families from commemorating this day and mourning their loved one.Mrs Annette Nation and her husband Roy went to the stadium like they normally do on April 11 to lay a wreath on the field where their son Rosswin lost his life.Rosswin then 11 was the youngest of the 43 who passed away.There was no one from the Premier Soccer League (PSL) South African Football Association (Safa) Chiefs and Pirates as the families remembered their fallen children. I feel that they have disappointed the nation Annette Nation said. We just forgot about them."We (as the families) have taken it upon ourselves to come and commemorate this day."We proposed two things to the PSL and Safa."We asked that we commemorate this day."We realised that that would be taking time out of people s busy schedules."So we said the alternative was that we have a moment of silence when the derby takes place. I have written to the PSL and Safa. I was promised twice that they would discuss that in their meeting and they would give it priority."That s where it ended. That was three years ago."We are appealing to PSL and Safa that please people don t forget about these 43 people who lost their lives and those who were injured on this sad day."In England 28 years later they still commemorate it (the Hillsborough disaster). Annette and her husband were joined by the late Mduduzi Thomo s mother Lindi Thomo Gabaza and his aunt Beauty Maribe. Every time this day comes around those old wounds are opened Maribe said. There should be more done to remember this day."If that was done we wouldn t remember this day with the pain that we have but there would be a sense of peace knowing that people haven t forgotten about our children."We don t want any money from them. We just want them to commemorate this day."The silence doesn t sit down well with us because now it seems like they have forgotten about our children."Even though I still go to the stadium I go there with mixed feelings because I am supporting something that doesn t show us love."The only time the PSL showed us love and compassion is when this thing was still fresh. They have forgotten about us. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport 