Despite being runaway HSBC 2016/17 World Sevens Series log leaders after four titles and six final appearances this season the Blitzboks are underdogs going into round seven in Hong Kong.The prestigious leg of the series sees the Blitzboks go into the tournament well prepared but with a callow team as they attempt to win in Hong Kong for the first time. SA holds a 23-point lead over England at the top of the standings and regardless of the outcome this weekend they will still be top of the pile going into round eight in Singapore next week. Winning is the goal but a semi-final appearance would go a long way to tightening the Blitzboks grasp on the overall title which is the main objective. The draw is also difficult and should SA come through their pool they are likely to face Fiji or New Zealand in the quarterfinals. They have only lost three out of 36 matches this season and all have been against England a side the Blitzboks have met five times already including in the finals in Cape Town Sydney and Vancouver. If the Blitzboks can limit damage on their lead it would increase the pressure on the chasing pack with tournaments running out. SA captain Phillip Snyman was optimistic of his team s chances despite a swathe of injuries that have ruled out Rosko Specman Justin Geduld and Stephan Dippenaar from the recent North American leg of the series. The 30-year-old captain will also have to calm the nerves of the two 19-year-olds in the squad Stedman Gans and Zain Davids and make sure debutant Blitzbok Selvyn Davids hits the ground running as South Africa face tough matches against France on Friday and Kenya and Canada on Saturday. Our [training] sessions went well Snyman said. We had a solid attack session when we arrived and then showed good intensity in our defence session which normally points to a positive mind-set in the squad. Stedman and Zain have seen what it s all about in the last couple of tournaments so they know what s needed to contribute positively."I am also pretty excited on behalf of Selvyn as he really has some serious weapons in his arsenal and definitely has that X-factor. You have to grow as a team during the year anyway and adapt here and there in order to progress your game he said. We had to make a tweak or two but the fundamentals stayed the same. If we stick to our system and structure like we have done in the last couple of months the rewards will be there for us. Snyman dismissed talk of facing either NZ or Fiji in the last eight preferring to focus on the pool matches first. We will not look past France for our first match on Friday so our focus will be on a strong start on day one Snyman said. We are very keen to win here but to do that we need to keep it simple believe in our structures and game plan. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport