South Africa is gone. Jacob Zuma has sold it. He has removed an honest finance minister, Pravin Gordhan, and replaced him with a friend of the Guptas - Malusi Gigaba.Millions of worried South Africans are asking: What has gone wrong in Zuma's head? Has he gone mad?His conduct is perfectly explicable . When a suicide bomber is cornered, he does not throw his arms in the air; he detonates himself, hoping to kill those around him. Such is Zuma's state of mind.Zuma will no longer be president of the ANC after Christmas this year. He is therefore anxiously mindful of the possibility of being removed from power soon.Given his countless acts of madness, and given public anger against the Guptas, the next ANC president will fear further political damage should Zuma stay longer in government.If Zuma were to be allowed to finish his term, SA might be a failed state by 2019, which is why we cannot wait for the elections.Alive to the possibility of being removed from power, Zuma is plotting two possible futures for himself.First, he is trying hard to get his ex-wife to succeed him, hoping for protection from a blanket he used to share. And second, he wants to hoard as much money from the state as possible.But Zuma is not certain he will succeed in installing his ex-wife as our next president. He is not sure his ex would guarantee full protection.It is this uncertainty that makes Zuma very dangerous. His best option is to amass as much money as quickly as possible. The idea is to ensure that, should he be subjected to a lengthy trial, he must have enough money to pay lawyers.A man who is making such life-or-death calculations is a danger to his country. He does not think like normal people. One of his eyes is on the money bag, and the other is on the detonation button. The more he senses the possibility of being caught, the more determined he becomes to blow up the whole country.Gordhan has been aware that Zuma and the Guptas are desperate to fill their money bags. This is why he has been refusing to sign the Russian nuclear deal , which would make both Zuma and the Guptas very rich. Gigaba will sign it quickly.When robbing a bank, robbers are prepared to kill whoever stands in their way. Zuma is prepared to kill a country, as long as he gets what he wants before leaving office With such a menacing president, our greatest challenge is how to make sure that Zuma and the Guptas don't destroy our country before December.A time of such grave national peril is no time to worry about political parties. Our country is more important than any political party.This week there is a last opportunity for the ANC in parliament to remove Zuma. If the ANC doesn't do it, citizens who love SA will teach the ANC a lesson.The good thing is that we live in a democracy. Elections are coming in 2019. It is becoming clear that Jesus Christ will come back sooner than Zuma's imagination.Our Lord Christ is likely to find Zuma in jail. The first thing the next government must do is arrest Zuma and the Guptas, to recover all the money they are busy looting.Urgent action is needed. If South Africans don't act, their country will be destroyed the same way Robert Mugabe destroyed Zimbabwe.Today, poor South Africans claim that foreigners are taking their jobs. Tomorrow, when Zuma has destroyed South Africa, poor people elsewhere in the world will rise against South African foreigners who would have fled from Zuma's mess.History is full of sorry tales of idiotic leaders who ravaged their countries while ordinary people watched.South Africans have a choice: watch Zuma destroy the future of their children, or take action. Let real men and women stand up!