SPONSORED | We ve had another #OutOfTheBlue SKYY Vodka experience for the books! Catch up on the previous adventures on SowetanLIVE: Up for an unexpected adventure? Enter the SKYY Vodka Out of the Blue competition Durban DJ goes sky high on an unexpected adventure and you could be nextSKYY continues to reward fans looking to step out of their comfort zone and immerse themselves in something boldly different from their everyday life. The goal is for people to enjoy a glimpse of SKYY living. Whether it s a kick of adrenalin or a taste of fine dining, each experience is unique.To take part in the competition, buy a bottle of SKYY Vodka and enter the unique promotional code at www.skyyootb.co.za.In early March, Daniel Morris did just that and was surprised to receive a call notifying him he had won an electrifying experience. Things kicked off with Uber Black chauffeuring him and his guest, Alexander Molsen, to Dapper Coffee Co in Cape Town. The evening of snack platters and SKYY cocktails at this popular First Thursday spot offered just a glimpse into the weekend that lay ahead.Of course, it wouldn t be a SKYY experience without getting the winners hearts pumping. After receiving only a clue to what else was in store for them, they were left guessing.The next morning, Morris and his guest enjoyed a drive along the coast and were transferred to Killarney Raceway for the ultimate super-car racing experience. While the professionals warmed up the cars, the winners met Cape Town SKYY Vodka brand ambassador Ngawo Taliwe their host for the day.After taking their pick from the incredible super cars, they headed to the pit to get behind the wheel. There s nothing quite like feeling the power of some of the most intense racing cars in the country. The drivers received in-car videos and trackside photos to remind them it really happened!As if things weren t exciting enough, Morris and Molsen were then shown their final ride for the day. They were about to ride in style in an iconic Thunderbird. Nothing but the best for SKYY #OutOfTheBlue winners! Then, the ultimate car experience wouldn t be complete without a personal tour of a vintage car dealership followed by a scenic drive through Constantia and along Chapman s Peak.After an action-packed day, what better way to relax than with a seafood feast at Blues in Camps Bay? Morris and his guest enjoyed a late lunch with sundowner moments accompanied by amazing SKYY Vodka cocktails.They headed home with new memories to brag about and the videos to prove it.You could be the next winner! Take the jump and put yourself out there. Enjoy life from the SKYY and enter the #OutOfTheBlue competition today. Simply buy a bottle with a neck tag and visit www.skyyootb.co.za to enter. Your once-in-a-lifetime experience is waiting This article was paid for by SKYY Vodka.