Chad Le Clos says he is happy and re-energised after switching coaches and cities. Le Clos who left long-time Pinetown-based mentor Graham Hill after the Rio Olympics to move to Cape Town from where he has linked up with Italian Andrea Di Nino said the 200m butterfly was still his main focus.He stunned Michael Phelps to win gold in this event at the 2012 Olympics in London but had to settle for fourth place in Brazil last year. The 200m free 200m fly 100m fly are the main ones Le Clos said at the SA championships in Durban where he is looking to qualify for the world championships in Budapest.He achieved a qualifying time in the 100m freestyle on Monday night but said that he would probably compete internationally in that for the first time only at the Commonwealth Games in Australia next year. The 200m fly first then 200m free then 100m fly. In that order added Le Clos who easily won his 200m freestyle heat on Tuesday morning in 1min 53.34sec.That made him the third-fastest of the morning behind Myles Brown (1:51.34) and Ruan Ras (1:52.80) but expect him to speed it up in the semifinals on Tuesday night and the final on Wednesday night as he seeks the 1:47.73 A-qualifying time.Le Clos won the 200m freestyle Olympic silver medal in 1:45.20 while Brown reached the semifinals. I m just happy to get the times said Le Clos SA s most decorated Olympian of all time with four medals from two Games one gold and three silvers. Before 2012 I was talking about being the best I can be not always talking about getting a gold medal. Getting a gold medal is hard at world champs getting a gold medal at Olympics is difficult. If I think back 10 years ago three silvers and a gold is not a bad result in two Olympics. That s how I m going to approach my races from now on like I did before 2012 [but] I m always going to try win I m never going to be happy with silver. Le Clos said relocating to Cape Town had worked out well. I m happy. I m in a really good environment with a new coach. I m a different person to how I ve been the past few years I have people around me who are for me. The coaching staff are family the whole new change-up has just been great for me. It s nice to be appreciated by your people. It s wrong for me to say better or worse I m just happier. Le Clos said he had worked on making technical changes to his freestyle and butterfly strokes. I m really looking at technique my freestyle is a little bit different. You ll see in the 200m fly my technique s a little different a little more efficient. I ve worked on a lot of technical things he said adding he had also increased his gym work. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport