Serge Cabonge, known as one of the authentic "blessers", now says the country has misinterpreted the entire concept.He told Sowetan yesterday the phenomenon had nothing to do with transactional sex. "Blessings come from God," Cabonge said."It's when you do good things. You return what God does for you in a good way. It's not about going to someone and putting down a condition [to bless them]."Blessers are known as wealthy men who shower women with expensive gifts and money in exchange for sex. Many people have called it a continuation of the sugar daddy syndrome.Cabonge took to Instagram on Tuesday to react to Sowetan's report about the murder of 15-year-old Keleabetse Seleka, allegedly by men who lured her to Brazzaville, a squatter camp west of Pretoria, via social media, posing as a blesser. The four men, John Lekubu, Leshilo Mashau, Tebogo Mabolane and Eugene Machete, will hear judgment on their bail application next week.Cabonge blamed the media for what he said was society's misunderstanding of what "blessers" do.He said a number of media outlets have twisted his message about what a blesser is.He said one newspaper recently published an article that falsely reported he pays women for sex."When I went to them they said sorry, we'll fix that mistake."The money he told eNCA's Checkpoint he had spent on a woman was meant to help her with her studies, Cabonge said. He was flighted on the programme last year, saying he forked out R100000 for a woman. The programme was centred on 27-year-old "blessee" Amanda Cele. Though unemployed, she lived in a flat in the suburbs, drove a Mercedes Benz and wore expensive clothing brands. She told the show her blesser "makes things happen"."Young girls need to be warned about people "coming around and calling themselves blessers"."We know sometimes it's difficult. Parents send you [to school] and pay for you and cannot afford certain things. Really, you need to be very careful," said Cabonge.He said he had a daughter and would not appreciate an older man luring her with money. "I object to that. Totally. "On the other side, I'll blame parents. Certain parents allow their kids at that age to have their freedom."He said he has a television show coming up in a couple of weeks. "We'll show people a life of a blesser. We will bring girls to object to the blesser lifestyle by saying 'no, I don't need a blesser in my life. I've been blessed already by my family'."You can bless yourself by finishing school. You can even do better for yourself than what other people can do for you."