Renowned players agent Tim Sukazi says he is looking forward to his meeting with the SA Football Association (Safa) after he was charged with bringing the association into disrepute.You would expect a person facing charges to be worried but Sukazi is more than happy to take Safa head on in the matter.Sukazi who is a club owner in the ABC Motsepe League is charged for making suggestions that there are corrupt activities going on in the lower league and will appear before Safa s disciplinary committee on February 13.He has been charged with bringing the association into disrepute and breaching the media policy following comments he made on SABC radio.His club TS Galaxy competes in the Mpumalanga stream and Sukazi alleged that there appears to be corrupt activities going on. I think the officials at Safa have to come out and work on it he told SABC recently. I ve brought it to their attention so much so that I ve given them the details. A club like Acornbush in 14 or 15 games they were given about 14 penalties. Sukazi was charged on Wednesday and in his response during his interview with Times Media Digital he accused Safa of being non-responsive when he approached them to report what s going on in the lower division. Well we will face each other when we get to it. I received the letter (on Wednesday) and what I like though about it is that it provides the opportunity to tackle the issue head on because in the past I would write to the Safa CEO about the issues of concern and you will get no response. Now at least this thing (the charge) will bring the matter on its head in my view Sukazi said. Because if you are in my position you want to be able to work with your association in a constructive way but it becomes difficult perhaps when the national association is non-responsive or the powers that be are non-responsive then it sterilises the whole effort. Safa stated in our interview that they are open to hear anyone s grievances but it should be reported evidence in hand to the association and not the media. We have decided to charge Tim Sukazi and he will appear before the disciplinary committee on the 13th [of February] confirmed Safa s legal officer Tebogo Motlanthe.Meanwhile Black Leopards boss David Thidiela who is also facing similar charges for venting his anger on Metro FM over referees in the National First Division was set to appear before the committee last Friday.His case was then postponed and Safa are consulting with his legal team over a suitable date.Like Sukazi Thidiela claimed that he wrote to the association via the PSL about the alleged poor officiating but did not get a reply and as a result he decided to speak out for the many people he said were voiceless . TMG Digital