A year ago the Southern Kings were still trying to find enough players to make up a team with less than a month to the start of Super Rugby. Twelve months on they are in much better shape. But better shape is relative.They are still way behind the progress of other Super Rugby franchises after a year of turmoil that saw the EP Rugby Union placed into liquidation in 2016. SA Rugby is still paying the wages of the Super Rugby squad and any long-term planning is almost impossible to strategise given that most of the squad have no contracts beyond this campaign. But coach Deon Davids is not a man to concern himself with what-ifs and instead has rolled up his sleeves and got on with it.Prior to the end-of-year break his team had put in eight weeks of hard work. That gives them a huge advantage compared to last January. The Port Elizabeth-based side returned to training this week following a two-and-a-half weeks Festive Season break and they are eager to complete their last leg of pre-season preparations.They meet the Jaguares at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on February 25 in their season opener. We were fortunate this time that we were able to start a bit earlier said Davids. Unfortunately we did start a bit late with some of the contracting because of certain circumstances but we are much ahead in comparison with where we were last year. We have had two wonderful months of pre-season. The coach is also pleased with the manner in which the players in the squad have responded. It has been quite interesting and challenging. Some of the guys have not really been used to the workload some responded well. Overall each individual progressed and got better as we went through the pre-season he said. Under the circumstances in a short space of time we were lucky to be able to put together a reasonable squad of talented players."There are a lot of exciting youngsters coming through. We have a good balance although there will always be one or two positions where you could think that we could still try and test things. But overall I m quite happy with where we are. Again this time last year we did not have a squad and now we are in a fortunate position. In the best circumstances we would have liked to have had some continuity building from the Currie Cup into Super Rugby but unfortunately we work under different circumstances. However I do think we can look forward to seeing the squad playing. The Kings will play two warm-up matches in the build-up to the start of the Vodacom Super Rugby campaign. They take on Border Bulldogs in East London on February 4 and then face the SWD Eagles at the Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium on February 11. The game is played at a very high intensity the demands physically and from a running perspective are very high Davids said. We all know that last year we struggled a bit in the last 20 to 30 minutes because we did not have a pre-season."This year we have laid the foundation. If we continue to build on this then we will be able to do better conditioning-wise this year. The two friendlies will be all about ourselves."We have worked on a few things and we are excited to see if we can play at a certain tempo."We are excited to see the things we have learnt from our previous experiences how that will show on the field of play. We are also excited about some of the players who will have first-time exposure to Super Rugby."We also want to see how certain combinations work. It will also be an opportunity to see what work we need to do before our first game. Super Rugby is an exciting competition it s very tough but it is a privilege to be part of it."Each one from player to management is looking forward to the competition and we can t wait for that first game. - TMG Digital