New year same situation. On Monday The Bulls announced that Bok flank Arno Botha would leave the franchise to join Irish club Ulster later this year.Botha 25 will fulfil his 2017 Super Rugby duties before heading to Belfast on a two-year deal at the conclusion of the tournament.He has made 46 Super Rugby appearances so far. "Arno received a very good offer from Ulster but the situation is that we can t financially make an offer close to what he will earn said Bulls High Performance manager Xander Janse van Rensburg. We want to thank him for his contribution we are thankful and proud of what he has done. Luckily we have great players coming through that we will be investing in. He is still a big player for us in the coming months and we are expecting some meaningful contributions from him as we embark on a tough Super Rugby campaign." Botha said he was comfortable with the decision."I have achieved such a lot with the Bulls and will give my all to help the team to try and win the Super Rugby title in 2017 something that has eluded me so far in my career he said. I am only leaving at the end of the campaign and am highly motivated to deliver for the team."The decision to move to Ulster was taken after considerable thought from my side and I feel it is the right time in my career to feel what rugby in the Northern Hemisphere is all about. Until then I am as passionate about the Bulls as I have ever been. Botha captained the Blue Bulls during the Currie Cup last season a run that ended in defeat against the Free State Cheetahs in the final. He also earned two Test caps for the Springboks in 2013 making his debut against Italy before suffering a season-ending knee injury against Scotland in his second Test.As a capped Bok he will not become eligible to play for Ireland at any stage as the regulations currently stand. "Arno was tipped to be a future Springbok captain from a young age but his career was somewhat curtailed by injuries after he made his international debut in 2013 Ulster director of rugby Les Kiss said. Those injuries are behind him now and he has regained his best form over the past 12 months. "His leadership and abrasiveness will be key attributes for us over the next couple of seasons."He is very aggressive in attack and his ability to get over the gainline will be especially good for us. Arno is also strong in defence he's a nuisance at the breakdown and he's a good lineout option so he has a very well-rounded game. "He is an ambitious young man and he is determined to make an impact with us."He is a serious competitor who is willing to work hard to earn his jersey."I believe he will settle well in our environment and become a huge fan favourite here at Kingspan Stadium. - TMG Digital