Seabelo Senatla is usually in a race to the tryline but over the next two weekends he'll also be in a race against time if he wants to become South Africa s leading sevens try scorer.The Blitzboks flyer is neatly only seven tries shy of the SA World Series try-scoring record held by the retired Fabian Juries.Senatla has 172 tries to Juries 179. Under normal circumstances the record would fall at some stage this season but Senatla only has two more tournaments left to play this weekend in Wellington and next week in Sydney. After that he will return full time to the Stormers to make a lengthy assault on 15s a change that will hopefully lead to a long and storied try-scoring career for the 15s Springboks in the coming months and years. He could play for the Blitzboks in the future but if his 15s career follows the trajectory he hopes sevens might be shelved for a long time. If Senatla keeps up his current strike rate surpassing Juries record shouldn t be an issue in the next 10 days as the flyer has already scored 15 tries in the opening two tournaments of the season. On average he scores just over a try per game his 172 tries coming in 155 matches.So barring injury Senatla shouldn t fall short of the record. "The record is in the back of my mind " Senatla admitted "but I am not stressing about it. We need to go out and do the work first and if the tries come they will come."If they don't so be it I am not going to chase the record and not do my job in the team first. Senatla the current World Rugby Sevens Player of the Year is well aware of Juries abilities. The guys I have played with that also played with him such as Paul Delport and Frankie Horne told me about his great speed and try-scoring abilities."I have met the great man himself in Dubai but we did not talk about rugby at all strangely enough " said Senatla. Senatla scored his first ever try at the Westpac Stadium on debut in 2013 and would love to break the record at the same venue. My job then was to score tries and that is still my job in the team this time around so I am hoping all goes well for me " Senatla said. I am going out there to do my best for the team and if the tries come it will be great. Meanwhile former World Rugby Sevens Player Werner Kok is also achieving a special milestone in Wellington where he will be playing in his 100th match for the side.Kok debuted in 2013 and has played in 21 tournaments but missed the Wellington event last year due to injury. I was not even aware of the fact that I will be playing in my 100th match but that will not change my approach said Kok. Every match pulling that jersey over your head is special. I can remember the first time and I will remember the 100th one as well."We are a band of brothers and playing with these guys makes every match so special. It is an important weekend for us. We have not won here in more than ten years so we have all to play for. - TMG Digital