Proteas batsman Hashim Amla has lavished praise on teammate JP Duminy for his knock of 155 during the first day of the third Test against Sri Lanka at the Wanderers on Thursday.Duminy smashed his sixth Test hundred and second 150-plus score during his 293-minute inningsm in which he managed 19 boundaries at an average of 70.13 from 221 balls to help South Africa to an overnight score of 338/3. What we have noticed with JP is that when he is on song he is a beautiful player to watch his judgment is great his timing is immaculate and he is always a pleasure to bat with. Everybody is happy with the way he has played in the last couple of matches he has found his consistency and he is playing really well he said. Amla and Duminy shared a record South African third-wicket partnership of 292 runs in their 72.2 overs as they punished the Sri Lankan bowlers who struggled with their lines for most of the opening day. In the build-up to the Test Proteas captain Faf du Plessis said that Amla would possibly be the last South African player to reach a century of matches in this format but he shared a different view on the matter. Whoever wants to play Test cricket has to have the desire to go all the way. Faf made the call that I may be the last player to reach 100 Tests for South Africa because of the heavy scheduling. But Test cricket for me has always been the pinnacle and I think a youngster out there who has the vision will get there said Amla. Amla who became only the eight player to score a hundred on his 100th Test match also thanked the people who supported him during his recent lean spell where he struggled with the bat. I have had games where I got in and out quickly but on Thursday I managed to get through I and I felt that I was batting well. When we got back from Australia which was not a good tour for me I touched base with Russell Domingo who I refer to as my coaching buddy and we did a little bit of work and these are runs to thank him and all the guys who sent messages of support. TMG Sport