When the faithful converge upon Orlando Stadium on Sunday to celebrate the 105th birthday of the ANC, it would serve the ruling party well to seriously take stock of where it has been in the recent past, where it is today, and where it hopes to be in future - taking this country with.As fate would have it, the celebration takes place right at the beginning of the year when many people are squaring up to a set of new year resolutions. The founding fathers couldn't have timed the birthday better.At the beginning of every year we ritually set ourselves new goals and targets. These goals are eloquent confirmation of the fact that we realise we are far from perfect. These resolutions, therefore, show that it is inherent in us to want to be better human beings: better fathers than we are today; improved mothers than we are at present; and more capable and open-minded students than we had been in the previous year. That's the essence of new year resolutions: to improve our lot.However, we have to remember that resolutions are not worth the paper we write them on, or the space in which they skulk within our hearts waiting to be unleashed on the world, if we do not back them up with action.A prerequisite for action is preparation. In order to be fully prepared to implement action, you need to be disciplined.To illustrate this in practical terms: if your resolution is to shed a few kilos, it would serve you well to be more circumspect about what you eat. Quicker efficacy can also be achieved if you start exercising. If you already are in the habit of exercising, then you will need to make your regime more rigorous and intense.It will also help your sanity to remember that shedding a few kilos does not happen overnight. Your exercise regime will need to be sustained over time. All in all, discipline is called for.The same applies to our body politic. The ANC, in announcing its programme for the year, has told us that it has decided to combine the 105th birthday celebration with the 100th centenary of one of Africa's leading lights, former ANC president Oliver Tambo.Had he lived, Tambo, who died on April 24 1993, on the eve of our first democratic, all-inclusive elections, would have been 100 this year.It is good and proper that the ANC should start celebrating this important anniversary so early in the year - even though Tambo's birthday is only in October.To invoke Tambo's name is powerfully symbolic. In these times when the ruling party and the country as a whole are floundering like a ship without a captain, we need leaders we can count on.Tambo, who was at the helm of the ANC from 1967 to 1991, ascended the mantle of leadership during the most challenging time for both the ANC and the country as a whole.When he took the candle of leadership, to brave the darkness that cloaked the country, he knew that the wax would slide down and burn his hand. He was prepared for the excruciating agony and pain that come with leadership. Because he was inspired, he was able to stay the course.Now, as we celebrate 100 years of his memory, I beg our leaders not to use his name as a perfume to mask the nasty smell that pervades our body politic. I implore them not to use his name as a mighty broom to sweep the dirt under the carpet.His name must be invoked with the objective of reminding ourselves, and teaching our young ones, what the man stood for.As we celebrate his life, let us dredge from the archives of our hearts and minds, his work and words. Let us be guided by these if we are to earnestly begin cleaning the image of both the party and country, which is in tatters.If we are to be truly loyal to Tambo, let us then embrace, in word and deed, the values that he stood for: selflessness and sacrifice as opposed to profligacy and greed; accountability and humility as opposed to pigheadedness and autocracy.Speaking to party supporters in Evaton, south of Johannesburg on Tuesday, ANC secretary-general Gwede Mantashe warned that corruption cannot be allowed to continue as it hampers government's ability to deliver services."The ANC should not be corrupt and if the ANC is corrupt, then something has gone wrong. At this stage, we cannot say that it [corruption] is a perception. There are people in the ANC who loot the state and, when you loot, you destroy the ability of the state to deliver services," Mantashe said.We hope Mantashe meant what he said. We hope Mantashe makes it his new year resolution to use his powerful office to expose those of his comrades who are corrupt, and have them punished accordingly, thus valiantly defending the memory of Tambo.Khumalo's new book, #ZuptasMustFall and Other Rants, is now available at bookstores