 Anyone of you who wish to use this post for your articles go the f*** ahead! Yes the f*** ahead! That s how Lumka Oliphant taunted media to report on her rant in which she warned them to not talk s*** about Bathabile Dlamini her boss whose address an event in Germiston last week a newspaper reported left some were left wondering if she was drunk . The minister reportedly used a microphone stand when standing and sitting down the Citizen reported and quoted observers saying she seemed unsteady on her feet .This prompted an angry response from the ANC Women s League of which Dlamini is the president demanding a retraction and apology. The ANCWL condemns the reports published by the Citizen that the president could not stand during her address and had to address seated due to drunkenness the league s Meokgo Matuba said.Oliphant spokesperon to Dlamini in her position as social development minister was less diplomatic.Announcing her expletive-laden rant she said: I have decided to take this alcohol matter to the gutter where you have taken it. It has also become fashionable that when we talk about what we know about any leader who may be unpopular we are accused of dancing for our food. So today allow me to dance for my food. Above all allow me to be vulgar. Oliphant said that if it were up to Dlamini South Africa would not be drinking there would be no advertising .She also said that people can say whatever you want to say on her politics when you do not agree with her but added don t s*** about her .Eyewitness News reported on Wednesday night that that Olifant was right in denying the drinking reports but criticised her for the manner in which she did it. We would not have encouraged by any means such language. We hope the president will also deal with that from the office because by all means we expect people to communicate in a language in line with how society has to hear your message it quoted league spokesperson Toko Xasa as saying.Dlamini made headlines last year the Democratic Alliance said the Minister of Smallanyana Skeletons is determined to keep her skeletons firmly locked up in the cupboard .This was a reference to Dlamini deliberately vague responses in Parliament to questions about her overseas travel and stays at the Oyster Box Hotel . Specifically minister Dlamini in her reply to a DA parliamentary question only accounts for R1.6-million spent on travel which we contend is wholly misleading considering that the latest annual report pitches her travel at R12-million said the party s Linda Wilson at the time. TMG Digital 