The Stormers are in a desperate search for a proven openside flank after injury felled their key off-season signing.One of the Stormers new recruits flank Steph de Wit is set to miss the entire Super Rugby competition after breaking an ankle in training this week. It was a huge blow to the team after De Wit was recruited from the Lions to shore up their problematic openside flank position.Siya Kolisi Sikhumbuzo Notshe and Nizaam Carr have all been used in the position but none are specialist No 6s. Carr started at openside for the Boks in the last two Tests of the 2016 season against Italy and Wales but admitted that his favoured position is No 8. The Stormers were set to reveal the names of some players who had extended their contracts and possibly the signing of another openside on Thursday but the announcement was delayed. No reason was given. De Wit was one of five new recruits signed by the Stormers in the off-season which included centre Dan Kriel hooker Ramone Samuels fullback SP Marais and looseforward Johan du Toit. Coach Robbie Fleck named a 50-man training squad which was without De Wit wing Leolin Zas (leg) and hooker Scarra Ntubeni (Achilles) who are all still on the long-term injury list. Fleck said that with so many young players in the group vying to make an impression and trying to put themselves in the reckoning for the 2017 Super Rugby campaign there is healthy competition at the High Performance Centre. We have got some incredibly talented young players who are hungry to make an impression which pushes the senior players as well. After a great camp in Hermanus we want to build some positive momentum as we look ahead to our pre-season games against the Toyota Cheetahs in Harare SWD in George and Lions at Newlands. Wing Dillyn Leyds and Bok tighthead Frans Malherbe are back after long-term injuries last season.Flyhalf Jean-Luc du Plessis who suffered knee ligament damage in the final pool match of the 2016 Super Rugby campaign is also back to full fitness.Stormers wider training group: Juarno Augustus Nizaam Carr Jaco Coetzee Kurt Coleman Damian de Allende Juan de Jongh Jan de Klerk Pieter-Steph du Toit Dan du Plessis Jean-Luc du Plessis Rob du Preez Dewaldt Duvenage Rynhardt Elstadt Eben Etzebeth Martin Ferreira Huw Jones Oli Kebble Eduan Keyter Cheslin Kolbe Siya Kolisi Dan Kriel Dillyn Leyds Wilco Louw Frans Malherbe Godlen Masimla SP Marais Bongi Mbonambi Khanyo Ngcukana Sikhumbuzo Notshe Caylib Oosthuizen Justin Phillips Ramone Samuels JD Schickerling Seabelo Senatla Chad Solomon Brandon Thomson Kobus van Dyk JC Janse van Rensburg Jurie van Vuuren Frans van Wyk Chris Van Zyl Ali Vermaak Jano Vermaak EW Viljoen Cobus Wiese Damian Willemse Eduard Zandberg. - TMG Digital