Amid more claims of unpaid salaries last month, Bloemfontein Celtic yesterday promised that their cash-flow problems belong in the past.Several sources told Sowetan this week that some junior players and staff had a bleak Christmas, with salaries either not being paid or landing in their accounts late.It was not the first time this happened, our sources said, but Celtic chief executive Khumbulani Konco vowed the club had sorted out their challenges. "As far as I know, players were paid their December salaries on time."But there were indeed some staff members who didn't receive their salaries," Konco said yesterday. "However, as it is, everyone has been paid. We had cash-flow problems, hence we delayed payment in certain instances, but everything is sorted out now."A player who spoke to us on condition of anonymity said salaries arriving late at the club, owned by Max Tshabalala, were now becoming the norm.He claimed only senior players were guaranteed pay on time, while juniors have to fend off creditors with late payments."We are suffering here. The senior players get their salaries on time. If you have children that you have to pay for at school, then you have a problem."If you have a car through bank finance, you may struggle to pay on time."At times we get our salaries six or seven days into the [next] month. We are also owed match bonuses," said the player, who preferred to be anonymous as he's not authorised to speak to the media.But a senior player refuted the claims that they had not been paid on time. "I was paid on time in December. I've never had a problem," he said.Konco, who was last year voted onto the PSL executive committee, promised players would receive their salaries as scheduled at the end of this month."You won't hear such a complaint again because we have put our house back in order."We wouldn't be recruiting players without financial backing. We are looking at bringing in a few players during this transfer window. How would we do that if we don't have money to pay them?"Phunya Sele Sele are in the process of acquiring Siphelele Mthembu from Kaizer Chiefs, with a deal said to be imminent.Konco, meanwhile, said Celtic would continue to look at CVs that come their way as they search for a new head coach."We receive e-mails from coaches interested in joining us on a daily basis. But for now we will continue with [Lehlohonolo] Seema and [John] Maduka as caretaker coaches. They deserve a chance to prove themselves. We are not in a rush," Konco said.Celtic, who moved off the relegation places with a win at Orlando Pirates last month, face Mamelodi Sundowns when the Absa Premiership programme resumes next month.