Two police officers are implicated in the death of a man who was dragged by a state vehicle after an argument on New Year's Day.John Khubayi of Extension 19 settlement in Mokopane, Limpopo, died from serious injuries to his head and legs . He was certified dead on arrival at the hospital.According to Khubayi's sister, Jane Khubayi, the officers and the deceased's girlfriend had visited their home at around midday.She said the officers and the woman were seated inside the police van when the deceased was asked to sign a document."While he was busy signing the document the police officer seated in the passenger's seat grabbed John by both hands and ordered the one who was driving to drive."She said the incident happened in full view of residents. "The police van drove at high speed with the cop holding my brother's hands. He was dragged for a very long distance and sustained injuries to his head. Both his legs were also broken and he was bleeding from the mouth and ear."She said that, after releasing him, the cops drove off but residents had taken down the car's registration details."A passing motorist took him to the nearby hospital where he was certified dead on arrival," she said.Jane said it would take her a very long time to erase the memory of her brother's death."It will take time for me to [rub off] erase from my mind the brutality police showed to my brother. He was treated like a hardened criminal and did not deserve to die like that. I wish those responsible for his death be dealt with harshly."Khubayi, 25, did odd jobs, including selling firewood, to support his six-month old son, whose mother is the woman who arrived with the officers at his home.Yesterday, neighbours and friends who witnessed the incident were still struggling to come to terms with Khubayi's death.Johannes Chauke, 21, a close friend, said: "I watched my friend being dragged for more than 500m. I have not slept as his screams for help kept coming into my mind throughout the night."Thapelo Sibisi, 18, could not hold back his tears. "Khubayi was crying in pain, pleading with the police to leave him but they kept driving while he was being dragged on the tar road. He died a terrible death and I wish those police officers could be sent to jail for the horrible death of our friend."Police spokesman Brigadier Motlafela Mojapelo confirmed knowledge of the case, which he said had been forwarded to the Independent Police Investigative Directorate (Ipid) for further investigations."We are conducting our own investigation. For now the suspects are still on duty while we complete the investigation," Mojapelo said.Yesterday, Ipid spokesman Moses Dlamini said he was not aware of the incident and that it was difficult to get hold of his colleagues in Polokwane to confirm it "because it's still holidays".In November 2015 eight former cops were each sentenced to 15 years in prison after taxi driver Mido Macia died in a police cell after being handcuffed to a police van and dragged through the streets of Daveyton, Ekurhuleni.