Pitso Mosimane has proven he is a class above the rest by continuously making history, and the Mamelodi Sundowns coach could establish an even bigger chasm between himself and his peers tonight.Mosimane is poised to become the first SA-born coach to win the CAF coach of the year award at the continental awards taking place in Abuja, Nigeria this evening (9.30pm). But as he boarded a plane to Abuja yesterday, a modest Mosimane said he would be happier to see Sundowns win the team of the year award."When you are nominated by CAF, it means your work is being recognised and that's enough for me. The award would be a cherry on top."I always tell my players that as long as you are nominated, it means Africa has recognised your work," said Mosimane, who is one of five nominees for the award, including former Orlando Pirates coach Milutin Sredojevic who, like Mosimane, is linked with the Bafana Bafana post."[Winning] would show that anything is possible. It would show that if you work hard and believe in yourself and also take competitions seriously, then you can achieve a lot."Everybody speaks about expenses of the Champions League, but it was worth it for us. Some things are not measured by the value of the rand."The world knows Sundowns now and that's why I would be happier to see us win the team of the year award. It's unbelievable what we have experienced. We are African champs and now we are acknowledged at the awards. I can't ask for more."There's one coach Mosimane would really like to see winning the award."I want to see Micho [Sredojevic] win it, for reasons I cannot disclose. Maybe later you will know, in a year or two. [DR Congo's Florent] Ibenge has done well too."Two of Mosimane's players, Denis Onyango and Khama Billiat, are nominees for the CAF player of the year award - for individuals based on the continent. They are competing with TP Mazembe's Rainford Kalaba.Both Onyango and Billiat helped their countries qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon.Banyana Banyana captain Janine van Wyk is a nominee for women's footballer of the year.