The matric hangover has started for tens of thousands of students who have passed and want to go to university but can t because there are no places available.That s because of the slow pace of expansion at universities says Nic Spaull an education researcher at the University of Stellenbosch.Lack of capacity is illustrated by the gulf between the number of places universities polled by TMG Digital can offer and the number of students wanting to enrol.- The University of KwaZulu-Natal received about 89 700 first-year applications for 8700 places;- The University of Witwatersrand (Wits) received more than 70 000 applications for 6200 places;- The University of the Western Cape (UWC) received 30 000 applications for 4500 places;- The University of Fort Hare received 32 602 applications for 5542 places; and- The University of Cape Town (UCT) received 26 416 applications for 4200 places. More and more students are qualifying with bachelor passes over the past five years and yet the universities aren t expanding as quickly said Spaull. Another issue is that we ve got the university or nothing syndrome. Although we have an FET (further education and training) vocational part of our education system it is seen as second-rate. All the universities said they would not entertain late applications and they warned that student accommodation was another problem they faced. The demand for beds at Wits exceeds the number of beds available in our residences said spokesman Buhle Zuma. In February Wits will be launching two new residences near the Braamfontein campus increasing its total residence capacity to 6110. Fortunately there are more than a dozen good-quality private residences near the university. UWC spokesman Luthando Tyhalibongo added: Nationally there is a high demand for student accommodation and unfortunately that demand exceeds the provision. UWC is not immune to this problem. UCT spokesman Elijah Moholola said the university had adjusted its academic programme to make up for time lost during last year s #FeesMustFall unrest. Deferred exams will run from January 23 to February 10 and 2017 lectures will commence on March 13. The university is currently having a mini-semester he said. This period is utilised by some faculties in order to cover the work that could not be delivered late last year when academic activities proceeded via blended learning through online and digital platforms. The Daily Dispatch reported on Thursday that Eastern Cape universities will be forced to turn away thousands of prospective first-year students even if they received good matric results.At Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University (NMMU) alone spokeswoman Zandile Mbabela said there were more than 112 000 first-year applicants even though they would be able to accommodate only 6500. The situation is just as bad at Walter Sisulu University of Technology as it will have to reject 22 500 of the 30 000 applications. TMG Digital/Sunday Times