Pitso Mosimane may have watched Denis Onyango beat Khama Billiat to the CAF player of the year award last week but he knows both face a similar challenge this month.Onyango and Billiat are two of Sundowns' players who will not enjoy much-needed leave as they head to Gabon for the Africa Cup of Nations finals with Uganda and Zimbabwe.While fearing the two countries could be "whipping boys" in their respective groups, Mosimane told his players to use Sundowns' success in the CAF Champions League as a motivating factor heading into the finals, which kick off in Libreville this Saturday."I told Khama that with Sundowns, we too were never given a chance in our group, but we did it," Mosimane said of Billiat, who lost out to goalkeeper Onyango in the CAF award for best player based in Africa last week."Zimbabwe can progress even as they are grouped with tough teams like Algeria, Tunisia and Senegal. These teams can easily cancel out each other. You just have to avoid being whipping boys."While Zimbabwe, who open the tournament with a clash against Algeria on Sunday, return to the competition for the first time since 2006, Onyango's Uganda are making a first appearance in 38 years.They are in Group D, where formidable Ghana, record-winners Egypt and competent Mali lie in wait."Onyango will be under the most pressure because of the big award he's just won," Mosimane said of his goalkeeper. "I told him he needs a bit of a rest, and I think when he's fresh, he'll be on top form."Mosimane also waded into the debate of whether Onyango should have beaten Billiat, with many commentators reckoning the Zimbabwean should have edged the honours."Well, these things happen. Billiat was a big winner at the PSL awards and Onyango only got the goalkeeper award. On the continent they check a lot of factors like performance for the national team. Billiat didn't play in World Cup qualifiers [because Zimbabwe were barred by Fifa]. But in any case, it's great to see a keeper win for a change. Strikers win these awards all the time."The CAF coach of the year said he was "humbled" by his award, but for him, the biggest honour was seeing Sundowns being named team of the year."That award is for everyone. It means even players who were not finalists like [Hlompho] Kekana, [Tiyani] Mabunda and others are also recognised. If it were not for them, we wouldn't have been nominated for anything." 