Women the world over have fought for the longest time to be recognised as equals to their male counterparts.They have fought their way into various fields once deemed male only domains such as science, agriculture and politics. In the world of politics there have been many losses but many wins as well. According to Forbes the most powerful woman in politics currently is Angela Merkel the Chancellor of Germany.Women have gone on to the highest post in the country, that of being president. Brazil59 countries have had female leaders, arguably the most well known one being former Brazilian president Dilma Vana Linhares Rousseff who was removed from power in 2016 after a suspension.LiberiaIn Africa we have President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf who is the first female in Africa to be elected as head of state. Sirleaf is the 24th and current president of Liberia. She was also awarded the Nobel Peace prize alongside Leymah Gbowee also of Liberia and Tawakkol Karman of Yemen. The women were recognised "for their non-violent struggle for the safety of women and for women's rights to full participation in peace-building work." In 2013 she received yet another award by the president of India, the Indira Gandhi Prize.In 2016 Sirleaf was elected Chair of the Economic Community of West African States, making her the first woman to occupy that position since it was formed.MalawiSirleaf is not alone as an African female leader, Her Excellency Dr. Joyce Banda was the President of the Republic of Malawi. She was Malawi s first female president and Africa s second. Banda became the president of Malawi in 2012 until 2014.South AfricaHere at home there has been speculation that we could again have a woman running for presidency. Recently President Jacob Zuma hinted that the ruling party, the ANC, is ready for a female president. The most obvious candidate being AU Chair Nkosazana Dlamini- Zuma who is also his ex-wife. Should she be elected to the post of party president and the party win the 2019 election, she would be this country s first elected female president. South Africa has had a female president before albeit for 14 hours only. Former Minister of Communications Ivy Matsepe-Casaburri was chosen by the cabinet to be the constitutional and official head of state in an interim capacity.Matsepe- Casaburri acted as president of South Africa for a period of 14 hours from the 24 until the 25th of September 2008. This period was between the resignation of Thabo Mbeki and the taking of office by Kgalema Motlanthe. Matsepe- Casaburri was the first woman to have held the post of President in South Africa and the first woman to be the head of State since Elizabeth II.She had served briefly as South Africa s acting president in 2005 when both the president and deputy had been out of the country. Matsepe-Casaburri was also the first black person and first woman to become chairperson of the SABC. She was also the first female to hold the position of premier in South Africa when she became premier of the Free State Province in 1997. We have also had a female Deputy President which was a first, Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, who was appointed in June 2005.There have been many female leaders in Africa just like Matsepe- Casaburri who have served either as interim or acting presidents of their countries. Guinea BissauIn 1984 Carmen Pereira was the acting head of state of Guinea Bissau from the 14.05-16.05.1984.BurundiYears later Sylvie Kinigi was the acting head of state of Burundi from the 27 of October 1993 till the 5th of Febuary 1994. She took up the role after the president was killed during the Civil War. When she left politics she joined Burundi s Commercial Bank. GabonWhen President Bongo of Gabon died, Rose Francine Rogomb became the interim president of that country. She was interim president from the 10th of June 2009 till the 16th of October 2009 when the former presidents son took over. Rogombe passed away recently in 2015. Central African RepublicBusinesswoman and corporate lawyer, Catherine Samba-Panza was the acting Head of State for the Central African Republic. Samba- Panza was acting from the 23th of January 2014 till the 30th of March 2016. She had previously been appointed Prefect and Mayor of the capital city of Bangui in 2013 by the former interim government. HaitiHaiti s Ertha Pascal-Trouillot was acting president from the 13th of March 1990 until the 7th of February 1991. She was acting president during a turbulent time in the country and was held hostage on one occasion by soldiers attempting a coup. Pascal-Trouillot was not the only woman to be in danger while in office.Sri LankaChandrika Bandaranaike Kumaratunga the first and only female executive president of Sri Lanka survived an assassination attempt in 2001, she lost vision in one eye though. Kumaratunga was elected in 1994 and had a second term.Female presidents in the rest of the worldVigd s Finnbogad ttir (Iceland) 1 August 1980 to 1996 - Europe and Iceland s first female president and the world s first democratically elected female. Vaira V e-Freiberga (Lativia) served as the sixth President of Latvia and the first female President of Latvia. She was elected President of Latvia in 1999 and re-elected for the second term in 2003.Corazon Aquino( Philippines )was the 11th president and first female president of the Philippines.Agatha Barbara ( Malta) (11 March 1923 4 February 2002) 15 February 1982 15 February 1987. President Ameenah Gurib-Fakim, Mauritius 5 of June 2015.Here is a list of all the female leaders the world has had.Sources: biography.com, CNN, Huffington Post, www.presidentcbk.org, www.joycebandafoundation.com, www.guide2womenleaders.com, time.com www.gcis.gov.za