A man blamed his parent's killers yesterday for robbing him of an opportunity of being raised by a mother 25 years ago.Tshepo Sebusi, 37, said if his mother was alive today his life could have been better."I am unemployed and struggling to find jobs. Maybe if my mother were alive, she could have taken me to school and I would have been a better man by now. I was raised by an unemployed grandmother under hard conditions," Sebusi said.He said he was grateful for what his grandmother had done for him."I was 12 [years old] when my mother was killed," he said.Tshepo's mother, Elsie Sebusi, was among the 39 people who were killed during a night vigil of ANC member Christopher Nangalembe in Sebokeng Zone 7, in the Vaal on January 12 1991.Sebusi was pregnant at the time.Nangalembe died on January 5 1991 after he was kidnapped and brutally murdered. His body was later found in Boipatong, Vaal.Members of the ANC, neighbours and Nangalembe's relatives were inside a tent when a hand grenade was thrown and exploded. Armed men with assault rifles then entered the tent opening fire, leaving 39 people dead in what has become know as the Sebokeng massacre.Yesterday, government commemorated the event and wreaths were laid at Avalon Cemetery in Soweto, where Nangalembe was buried.Wreaths were also laid on the graves of the 39 victims in the same cemetery .Nangalembe's brother Mandla Nangalembe, who was at the vigil, survived the attack that claimed the lives of two other family members."I will never forget that day. Six hand grenades that were thrown inside our home didn't explode. I can imagine what damage they could have done. Police were informed about security threats before my brother was buried. Our family didn't want the night vigil but comrades decided that they wanted to honour him."Around 2am, lights were off in Sebokeng and that's when they attacked us. It was a well-orchestrated plan of killing people on that night. We lost 39 innocent souls. I shall never forget them and what they died for. They were there to console us, as the family, not knowing that it was their last day on earth. Their names will always be in our history books," he said.Sedibeng municipality mayor Busisiwe Modisakeng vowed to continue remembering those who died.She told less than 50 people who had attended the event at the Evaton Cemetery that the place where the victims were buried was a national heritage site and should be treated with respect."I plead with all family members of our heroes not to bury anyone on top of the people we buried here because it is a heritage site."As government we want to sustain this programme and I will make sure that I listen to everyone who has an input in this event. I wish to see this event being documented and kept in the history archives of the Vaal."ntwagaes@sowetan.co.za