Could Orlando Pirates be looking at the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Gabon to get their new coach?While stand-in coach Augusto Palacios said he was prepared for any eventualities regarding his future at the helm, the club says "we have cast out net wide to find a new coach." Pirates administrative officer Floyd Mbele told Sowetan yesterday that, though the club's search was still a work in progress, "it would be ideal to find someone as soon as possible"."Some people may be employed at the moment, so that's why we can't say when it [the process] will be completed," he said of the post vacated by Muhsin Ertugral in November.On whether the club could be looking at Afcon as a shopping window for a coach, Mbele said: "That's a difficult question."Uganda mentor Milutin "Micho" Sredojevic has constantly been linked to his old job as Bucs coach."Micho has done well for himself. We are happy that he has come through the club to show his abilities. But there has been no contact," Mbele said.Mbele, however, said there has been interest from coaches who have submitted their CVs and "the interest is coming from all over the world"."There are those we might be looking at, so it's a mixed bag." He refused to reveal the hopefuls.At the moment, the Afcon is likely to make coaches readily available by means of them either being fired or resigning as early as the end of first round. Meanwhile, Palacios has been preparing the team for the second half of the season."I [will] accept whatever decision the management makes. We have been working okay with the players. Tendai Ndoro and Edwin Gyimah are away at Afcon and [Abbubaker] Mobara and [Gladwin] Shitolo have injuries," said Palacios. A promising start soon turned into a nightmare as the Buccaneers dropped points in matches against Highlands Park (2-2), Baroka (1-1), Maritzburg United and Bloemfontein Celtic (both 2-1 losses).Now the Soweto giants need to deliver in their crucial upcoming matches against title-challenging sides over next month and March, or they might as well kiss their dreams of winning the Absa Premiership trophy on their 80th anniversary goodbye.Pirates will face Bidvest Wits (twice), Cape Town City, Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United over the two months. Their postponed match against Mamelodi Sundowns looks set to be played during this period. Pirates, currently in 10th place, are seven points behind leaders SuperSport United. 