Sunday, January 22 2017 represented the ultimate display of hypocrisy and ignorance by a congregation of South Africans.To recap, television star and Idols SA judge Somizi Mhlongo stormed out of Grace Bible Church in Soweto after a visiting bishop, Dag Heward-Mills from Ghana, took a homophobic slight during his sermon.Much to Somizi's annoyance, the churched seemed to approve of the bishop's factually incorrect, insensitive and oppressive preaching. In a video of the sermon, congregants are seen laughing, cheering on and applauding parts of the sermon. Catholics celebrate SA's first martyr Blessed Benedict Daswa For the rest of the day and the days to come, South Africa was engaged in a discussion over Facebook and Twitter about the appropriateness of the views expressed by the bishop.While many felt the bishop's remarks were at best, a poor application of the Word and, at worst, homophobic, there were many who felt the bishop's remarks were appropriate and even true. Mboro defends anti-gay pastor Tweets explained that the Bible could not be altered to "suit gays". Grace Bible Church came out to explain that the bishop had offended many other people during the sermon. And many more tweets could be found expressing similar sentiments.Arguments for and against the bishop's preaching were made.They included the consistent application of holy laws - some that can be found in Leviticus, which condemn homosexuality but equally condemn wearing polyblend (a type of material), working on the Sabbath and eating shellfish. The challenge, however, it seemed, was reasoning with a religious group that have taken up the position of being the standard-bearers of Christianity without seeing the hypocrisy in doing so, but are bold enough to point out the "sins" of others. There's a verse in the Bible about doing that kind of thing too, by the way.What remains most baffling to me is that it seems as if the most unforgiving of these standard-bearers are Africans. 'Sermon offended a lot of people not just homosexuals' - Church defends controversial sermon The tale may be unfamiliar to some Africans but in a sentence; Christianity as we know it now is not ours. Ours is how we worshipped before Christian missionaries, oppression and dispossession.In fact the Bible gave Europeans the moral justification to enslave Africans. That too is in Leviticus 25:44: "your male and female slaves are to come from nations around you; from them you may buy slaves".So how are Africans and, in the case of #GraceBibleChurch, black South Africans so keen on being the standard-bearers for Christian doctrine?The attempts and successes of Christian missionaries to uproot African customs have contributed significantly to the dispossession and oppression of African people. So, while there is absolutely nothing wrong with choosing to be Christian and upholding good Christian values, such as "love thy neighbour", it is hypocritical and frankly stupid for African people to be strict in the application of Christian doctrine in so far as it divides Africans.This is what it did this past Sunday at Grace Bible Church. And it is exactly what contributed to the dispossession of Africans almost 300 years ago.The painful task of black South Africans is also a simple one; prioritisation.It is a painful task because we will need to deal with much of what has gone unquestioned in what we believe to be true about religion, wealth and education, to name a few. We will need to be told the truth where for hundreds of years we have been misled. And of course, this kind of awakening cannot go without shock, grief and anger.However, it is needed now more than ever. Harsher economic times have made black South Africans desperate. Reports of congregants being sprayed in the eyes with Doom, eating grass and snakes and being trampled on in the name of a miracle promised by men of faith made headlines all of last year.Instead, black South Africans should be holding their councillors accountable, joining political parties and holding their elected representatives accountable; doing more than just protesting. Lobbying civil society, getting educated and discovering the history of the country would be time better spent.It's time to prioritise taking on the challenges South Africans face: unemployment, poverty and inequality.The land question remains unresolved. The state of funding in higher education needs permeant remedying. Basic education needs an overhaul. The private sector needs to invest the R1.5-trillion they are currently hoarding in the economy.There are issues in the country that demand our attention. Who people choose to love is not one of those. Finally, the constitution is clear on its guarantee of dignity to all South African citizens.Montse is a student entrepreneur at University of Cape Town