Gauteng premier David Makhura has threatened criminals who target newly-built schools that their days are numbered.Makhura was addressing residents of Braamfisherville Soweto during the official opening of the multi-million state-of-the-art R83 million Nomzamo Madikizela-Mandela Primary School in the area.Nomzamo (Winnie) Madikizela-Mandela could not attend the event and it was announced that she will visit the school soon. I declare war against criminals and also declare war on the destruction of our properties. Why are we allowing them (criminals) to destroy the future of this country? It is an organised syndicate that target our schools. Makhura also promised that over 40 000 pupils who are waiting to be placed in schools will be in classrooms very soon. All those 40 000 learners who are not placed will be placed. Parents prefer a particular school of their choice for their children. We want to work with parents teachers' organisations SGBs (school governing bodies) to place those pupils he said.MEC of Education Panyaza Lesufi promised residents that next month he will officially open another primary school in the area named Nkone Maropeng Primary School. We are going to build another school in Braamfisherville. We have listened to our community when they asked for schools. Gone are days where learners of Braamfisherville will have to wake up early wait for buses to be taken to school in Dobsonville. Those days are over now our children will have to walk to school which is closer to them he said.Lesufi promised to build new eight schools for pupils with disabilities. We are going to open these kind of schools every month until the end of 2017. This school accommodates 1 300 learners and the new schools will also accommodate 1 300 learners. This will ease the backlog of learners waiting for space he said.MEC of Infrastructure Development Jacob Mamabolo said the school has 33 smart classrooms two smart science laboratories two smart multi-purpose rooms computer laboratory IT control room library nutrition centre sport facilities and two water reservoirs.