Former Kaizer Chiefs and Zimbabwe midfielder Tinashe Nengomasha does not understand why Tendai Ndoro was a bench warmer for Zimbabwe at the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Gabon.Despite scoring 11 goals in 13 Absa Premiership appearances for Orlando Pirates, Ndoro was overlooked for a starting place by coach Callisto Pasuwa. He made two substitute appearances and scored in the Warriors' final group match against Tunisia, a 4-2 defeat that confirmed Zimbabwe's exit from the competition.Ndoro scored in a 1-1 draw with Cameroon in a friendly before the Afcon kicked off and Nengomasha thought the striker would play a key role in the team's first Afcon appearance since 2006."Why put Tendai Ndoro on the bench when he is the top scorer in South Africa?" asked Nengomasha, who has served as an analyst on SuperSport for the tournament."Ndoro has proven he can score goals, so why not play players who are in form? But this is a learning curve for the coach [Pasuwa]."Pasuwa looks set to resign after the Warriors finished the group phase with just the one point, from their opening 2-2 draw with Algeria, before losing to Senegal and Tunisia."We have to be honest, Zimbabwe only performed well in the first half against Algeria. If we had continued performing like that, we wouldn't have been stopped," said Nengomasha."We were winning 2-1 against Algeria. Why opt to bring on [Cuthbert] Malajila rather than close shop and win the game? Why go attack, instead of putting numbers behind the ball? We must learn from this."He added: "Nothing shows that we were prepared enough for the competition."Reports coming out of the Zimbabwean camp were that captain Willard Katsande retired from international football.At 31, Katsande still has a lot to offer and can even feature at the next Afcon, if Zimbabwe qualify."You need time to make these decisions. It must not be an emotional decision. He must go back home, sit down with his family, run down his emotions and come to his senses. He is good for the national team and the country needs him," said the ex-Amakhosi hardman.