A fierce battle between axed Bafana Bafana coach Shakes Mashaba and the SA Football Association (Safa) is on the cards.Mashaba's legal representatives say Safa should not appoint a new coach while they take the matter of his dismissal to the Commission for Conciliation, Mediation and Arbitration (CCMA).Mashaba was sacked as national team coach last month after a disciplinary committee found him guilty of gross misconduct, insubordination and violating the communications policy of Safa.This is after the coach's public outburst in November in Polokwane where he had a go at Safa bosses and the media following his side's 2-1 victory over Senegal.Mashaba, according to his legal representative Claudio Bollo, wants to be reinstated as national team coach, but the fiery coach will be seeking compensation should he not return to the hot seat.Mashaba's contract was due to expire after the 2018 Fifa World Cup in Russia. "We've asked Safa in writing not to appoint a new coach. If they do not agree to this, then we will seek the court's help in an interdict."We will probably be signing the papers this week [to take to the CCMA], but we are talking about that with the coach."The coach, like anybody, would like to continue coaching the national team. That's his first prize. If it does not happen, you have a damages claim."He would claim the remainder of his contract because his contract runs until the 2018 World Cup."Mashaba earned around R500 000 per month. Bollo feels they have a strong case and hopes it will be resolved by March."We think the coach's case is strong. We feel he should not have been dismissed. We feel his dismissal was not appropriate. The CCMA is quicker at hearing matters than it used to be, so we are hoping for an outcome by February or March."In 2012, Safa lost a legal battle with former coach Pitso Mosimane who was compensated after he was axed. If what Bollo is saying is anything to go by, then we could be in for another intense legal battle between the association and an unhappy coach.Safa, meanwhile, is looking for a coach with "experience of coaching on the continent" and someone who will hit the ground running for the 2018 World Cup qualifiers.The body is, however, said not to be in a hurry to appoint a new man.Bafana are on four points after two matches and need to finish top of the table to qualify for the competition. Sowetan tried to get hold of Safa chief executive Dennis Mumble with no luck, while communications manager Dominic Chimhavi had both his phones off.If Mashaba's legal team succeeds in stopping a new coach's appointment, it could throw the national team's preparations for the World Cup qualifiers into chaos which must be concluded in November. 