Tempers flared at the Evaton Cemetery in the Vaal yesterday during the 25th commemoration of the Sebokeng massacre.In what was similar to proceedings in parliament, where members of parliament are often called to order or dragged out of the House, security officers at the cemetery were called to remove an angry attendee.Nokufa Mthombeni, who lost a brother Elias Mthombeni during the massacre that claimed 39 lives on January 1991 in Sebokeng Zone 7, took the microphone and lashed out at Sedibeng and Emfuleni municipal officials, accusing them of ignoring the families of the victims."They only remember us on this day," she shouted."This is a sad day for us. We are told that our families fought for freedom which we don't see."Our leaders are selfish and selling our land. I don't care if I die tomorrow but I will speak the truth. We are being overlooked whenever there are job opportunities in the Vaal."When we raise issues they call us names. If those who died had known about what is happening to us today they would be embarrassed. If I had powers to wake them up, I would tell them that they died for nothing because today our leaders live luxurious lives and are driving expensive cars while we suffer." Sedibeng district mayor Busisiwe Modisakeng took to the podium and urged people like Mthombeni to visit her office whenever they had problems.Mthombeni, who was among the less than 50 people who attended the event at the cemetery, replied to Modisakeng that her office could not be accessed because they were told to obey protocol when they wanted to see her in the past .An emotional Modisakeng then ordered security officers to take Mthombeni out of the cemetery. She refused and told the mayor that she was not going anywhere unless she was killed."This is a government event; if you want to raise issues my office is open. If you raise issues here I won't respond. This is not a political arena. If you want to raise political matters approach us. If you want changes in this event ... tell us and if you don't want it to be held again tell us, we will stop it," Modisakeng said."I am a politician and will stand for heated moments. Please respect us so we can respect you."Don't wait for such events and don't perform for the media. I don't want to lose control, please don't push me."We are here to offer our sincere condolences to the families."