When New Zealand skills coach Paul Feeney visited Western Province at the end of last season s Super Rugby tournament with a view of joining the Cape franchise the burning question Stormers coach Robbie Fleck wanted answered was: Are NZ players better than SA players? Feeney assured Fleck that SA players were potentially as skilled as their Kiwi counterparts and that tactically the Stormers were doing the same things that NZ teams were doing.The main difference was in putting in extra work after formal training times. Basically NZ players are more professional. Fleck has taken that on board and has challenged the 2017 squad to work harder and smarter. Feeney has now joined the Stormers on a full time basis and he reiterated those views publicly following the squad s training camp in Hermanus at the weekend. SA players are as skilful as New Zealanders just look at how athletic the players in the Stormers backline are and look at their footwork Feeney said. Teams in New Zealand do not have more X-factor players than the South African teams have in their ranks. It s all about repetition and execution and making sure players have the confidence to make decisions. We must invest a little more time players though. Things need to be done hundreds and hundreds of times so that you can start doing it with gut feel and get it right more times than you get it wrong. Fleck admitted that the players were being pushed harder than before in an effort to close the gap on NZ players. Paul will work throughout the entire union and put skills programmes in place for the juniors as well Fleck said. We have set new challenges and goals and we needed to make changes in the way we approached things."SA players have always had skill and ability but there hasn t been an emphasis on it. Players have been more system driven and structured and that has possibly negated some of that natural skill. We have made major changes to the way we approach the game more professionally."We have enforced those changes and it has been challenging for the players and management because we have had longer and fuller days. Being more professional is a key focus for us. Part of that has been improving our conditioning which has been a talking point in SA for some time. There is a feeling in SA that our players are not fit enough and we are trying to improve parts of out fitness. It s not a case of players not being running fit but rather being more accurate in our fitness. Players need to operate at a higher and more intense level for longer and to execute their skills in that environment. - TMG Digital 