Northern Cape premier Sylvia Lucas is seeking legal advice before deciding whether or not to apologise for a hate speech incident six years ago despite two courts ordering her to do so.Lucas has fought a marathon legal battle including an unresolved SA Human Rights Commission (SAHRC) mediation losing an Equality Court case and a subsequent High Court appeal to avoid saying sorry.Her spokesperson said this week that Lucas is awaiting a meeting with the chief state law advisor before deciding on her next move.She has until March 4 2017 to tender a public apology on local radio stations and newspapers as ordered by the High Court. Premier caught offside - Lucas' office approves R11m tender 'Irregularly' In September 2010 during a speech Lucas said: Hotnots are only good for clothes and food and labelled the Khoisan Community as lacking ambition.This offended Khoisan leader William Stanley Peterson who took the matter to the SAHRC in November 2010. Lucas claimed to have apologised to Peterson but was reluctant to accede to doing so in public. I do not believe that it is in the public interest that I publish and broadcast an apology as it would not be in the interests of justice and those of the public as publication may have unintended consequences. The public never had any problem with my speech she said.Peterson elevated the matter to the Equality Court where magistrate JA van Zyl found that the utterances at least struck the complainant in a hurtful and harmful manner . The court is of the view that the utterances constitute hate speech which the law forbids Van Zyl ruled and ordered her to apologise unconditionally on radio and in print.In December 2016 the High Court in Kimberley agreed with the magistrate noting that Lucas had informed the court that she is a person of colour. In that event it is totally improbable that the respondent would be unaware of the connotation which is attached to the term hotnot . As the magistrate correctly remarks it cannot be construed as uplifting the Khoi community when they are painted with the same brush as being only good at food and clothes Judge Mpho Mamosebothe said.She also said that Lucas being a public figure whose role on that day was to enlighten the community on biodiversity issues cannot invoke protection under freedom of speech . The impugned words were hurtful and harmful. She misused the platform to undermine and belittle the Khoisan community. It is disappointing that so many years into our democratic dispensation Ms Lucas still deemed it acceptable to use the term hotnot to people she regards as her ethnic group. The term carries with it a painful past. She should have exercised more sensitivity and refrained from the use of the word. She exacerbated matters by labelling the Khoisan community as lacking initiative or ambition. The judge further found the magistrate s finding has to be correct that it was not just discriminatory but could be construed as hate speech and chastised Lucas for not having done the honourable thing and complied with the magistrate s order which is fair and had as its purpose redeeming the dignity of Mr Peterson and the Khoisan Community and ameliorate their hurt .Lucas is yet to indicate if or when she would tender the public apology.Approached for comment on the court ruling the premier s spokesperson Bronwyn Thomas-Abrahams told TimesLIVE that the chief state law advisor who has been dealing with this matter has been on leave and only returned to work this week. We have scheduled a meeting between the chief state law advisor and the premier for this week to discuss the judgment and decide on a course of action. This course of action will be communicated before the expected deadline set by the court for which the premier has great respect said Thomas-Abrahams. - TMG Digital/TimesLIVE 