The wheel is beginning to turn for Bafana Bafana midfielder after a frustrating six months at Portuguese side Vitoria Guimaraes.The last few weeks have seen Zungu trusted with more first team opportunities and on Sunday he made his debut start for the side in their 2-0 win at Sporting Braga eventually playing the full 90 minutes.The 24-year-old had initially battled to settle in Portugal but after being blooded in the country s FA Cup competition where he even scored a goal in a 2-2 draw with Pa os Ferreira earlier this month he has now taken the next giant step forward.And it will perhaps not be lost on him that he does so on a weekend when his best friend Keagan Dolly finally realised his dream of playing in Europe when he all but wrapped up a move to French Ligue 1 side Montpellier. I am not just doing this for myself Zungu told Times Media Digital. It s for other players to be recognised as well. I do feel that responsibility. I look at my best friend [former Sundowns teammate] Keagan Dolly. He really wants to achieve and test himself in Europe. If I can do well then that will surely mean people start taking a closer look at Sundowns and the talent they have there. Zungu also added that his mental strength would be a factor in becoming a success at Vitoria. What helps me is I am mentally strong. Whatever my situation and the challenges placed in front of me I have the mental capacity to rise above it. I think that is one of my strongest points. To keep making a step up from [National First Division side] Dynamos to the PSL with AmaTuks to a massive club like Mamelodi Sundowns and then Bafana Bafana. I think I have proven myself every step of the way. It was also a potentially significant weekend for fellow Bafana midfielder Andile Jali who made a first start for Belgian side KV Oostende in three months.Jali is back in favour at the club with team skipper S bastien Siani away on international duty with Cameroon at the African Nations Cup finals in Gabon.He played the full game in a 1-0 win over Waasland-Beveren and with Siani potentially away for another four of Oostende s matches it is a chance for Jali to re-establish himself in the team.Ayanda Patosi was not in the match-day squad for Lokeren but Lars Veldwijk was a late substitute for Kortrijk in their 3-2 loss at home to Zulte-Waregem.There was no debut this week for Kermit Erasmus at French Ligue 2 side Lens following his loan move from Rennes at the end of last week while his paperwork is being sorted out while Lebo Mothiba did not feature for Lille in Ligue 1.Lehlogonolo Masalesa was a halftime substitute for Greek side Larissa as they were held 0-0 at home by Platanias. TMG Digital 