The father of one of the four pupils killed by hip-hop star Molemo "Jub Jub" Maarohanye says he has forgiven the muso and his accomplice.Fezekile Cwayi said yesterday that he had made peace with his son Mlungisi's death and nothing could bring him back.Cwayi's son and three friends were killed when two Mini Coopers that were drag racing - one driven by Maarohanye, 36, and the other by Themba Tshabalala, 32 - crashed into them on March 8 2010. Two others were critically injured, and one person was left paralysed."My son is gone. I had to make peace with it. Over the December holidays I went home to the Eastern Cape where he was buried and I visited his grave."I told him that Jub Jub and Tshabalala were going to be released [from prison] and that he must make peace with it," said Cwayi from his Protea Glen, Soweto, home.Prince Mohube, 17, Phumelelo Masemola, 16, Mlungisi, 17, and Andile Mthombeni, 16, were killed while walking on a bridge connecting Protea Glen and Protea North on their way home from school that day.Maarohanye and Tshabalala were released on parole yesterday after serving four years of their eight year sentences. They were sentenced to eight years in 2012.The duo were initially sentenced to 20 years for murder, but the charges were commuted to culpable homicide after they appealed and their sentences were later reduced to 10 years, two of which were suspended.Cwayi said he was contacted by the parole board and his wife attended the first session in November with one other family."I attended the second session, which was held in December. We were not asked any questions. We were just told what the board wanted to do and had to say what we thought."Jub Jub and Tshabalala were there. I spoke to them for the first time since they killed my son. Jub Jub told us that he had changed and that he regrets what he had done," he said.Cwayi said his door was always open to the two."I do not want them to think that they will be killed when they come to my house. They won't. They are welcome," he said.But family members of another scholar who died in the crash said they were still hurting.A silently weeping relative, who asked not be named, said: "They can come out, it's fine. Our children died and they are being sent home. My mother took ill after my brother died. We have nothing to say."Maarohanye's attorney Rudi Krause, when asked about his client's whereabouts, said: "I am not at liberty to tell you that. I am his attorney, not his guardian."Announcing the duo's release yesterday, Correctional Services spokesman Singabakho Nxumalo said they were first-time offenders with a positive support system."... They will complete the remainder of the sentence in the system of community corrections, whereby they must comply with [a] specific set of conditions and will be subjected to supervision until the sentence expires," he said.