A month after the Western Province (Pty) Ltd was liquidated the newly formed Western Province Rugby Group announced contract extensions for key young players on Thursday.Group CEO Paul Zacks confirmed that Springbok hooker Bongi Mbonambi is amongst a host of key players that have committed to WP Rugby and signed long-term contracts. Mbonambi made his Test debut in 2016 following an impressive Super Rugby campaign with the Stormers and has signed a new three-year contract with the Union. He is joined by the likes of backs Jean-Luc du Plessis Dan du Plessis EW Viljoen Grant Hermanus Justin Phillips and Brandon Thomson and fellow forwards Chad Solomon JD Schickerling and Kobus van Dyk in signing long-term contracts. Zacks said that it is encouraging to see such talented players show confidence in the long-term vision of Western Province Rugby joining the likes of senior players Eben Etzebeth Pieter-Steph du Toit and Frans Malherbe who are all contracted until 2019. "It is vital to retain talented players such as these who have signed new contracts if we are to move forward and evolve " he said. "Of course there are many others who are on existing contracts that will also play a big role in what we have planned for the future." The liquidation unshackled WP (Pty) Ltd from marketing company Aerios who were claiming R72m from the union in unpaid commissions and royalties.WP disputed this and after months of failing to reach an agreement the union filed for liquidation as a means to extricate themselves from the unhappy union. An as yet unnamed person or company believed to be the Remgro group and who funded the union late last year to pay wages has purchased a majority stake in the WP Rugby Group the company formed in the aftermath of the liquidation. In addition to Mbonambi there are a number of players in last year's table-topping Western Province U21 and Western Province U19 teams that have also signed on. Junior Springboks Eduard Zandberg Cobus Wiese Reuben de Villiers Edwill van der Merwe and David Brits have all signed five-year contracts committing their long-term futures to Western Province Rugby. They are joined by the likes of Zain Davids Percy Mngadi Jaco Coetzee Herschel Jantjies Carlu Sadie Lee-Marvin Mazibuko Nama Xaba Jordan Sesink-Clee Jordan Chait Ricky Nwagbara Reuben Terblanche Matt Wiseman Saud Abrahams Paul de Wet Daniel Maree Cornel Smit Nico Leonard Eduan Keyter Thumi Mogoje Ryan Muller Juarno Augustus and Tristan Leyds.They have all extended their contracts. Director of Rugby Gert Smal said that by retaining these players the coaching staff have a strong core to build on in the years to come. Depth and continuity is vital for any team so to have players of this calibre commit to the Union is a major boost for us. This helps immeasurably in the planning that the coaches and management do. - TMG Digital