Kwaito legend Mdu Masilela is allegedly embroiled in a polygamous battle with his wife, Sarah M, after he and his uncles sneaked out to KwaZulu-Natal to allegedly pay lobola for his baby mama, Sibahle Dlamini, late last year. The award-winning kwaito star is alleged to have committed bigamy by paying lobola for Dlamini without the consent of Sarah, who is his legal wife. The battle is likely to end up in court as Sarah has threatened to press criminal charges against Dlamini's relatives who received Mdu's lobola from his relatives. A fuming Sarah said: "It is clear that Sibahle and Mdu were cheating. I have never received a letter from the uncles. Even if I did, there will never be a second wife. I'm the only wife for Mdu Masilela and that's it." According to Dlamini's uncle, Sandile, Mdu and his uncles approached their family in August last year to ask for Sibahle's hand in marriage. Meanwhile, Mdu and Sibahle hogged headlines two months ago when he admitted to have severely assaulted her at their love nest in Lyndhurst, north of Joburg. Masilela has since gone back to his marital house in Morningside, Sandton, after a year of cavorting with his baby mama. Sandile said Sibahle's family was hurt about what they saw in the papers. "We were still waiting for the Masilela family to bring a letter from his first wife authorising him to take a second wife, as the law dictates, but instead we were shocked when we saw stories in the media about Mdu having beaten up our daughter," he said. The uncle said three months after requesting a letter of permission, the Masilela uncles returned to the Dlamini household, this time to settle the lobola money. "They came at the date we had agreed on, but they did not have the letter. They paid the agreed amount of lobola and promised they would bring the letter from the wife when they come to discuss a way forward on the marriage." Sarah maintained that Sibahle wanted to destroy her marriage. "Tell those uncles that I, Sarah Masilela, will never let their daughter win. I will not leave my marriage because of Sibahle and her plan to make a living out of my husband. "Sibahle must go find her own husband. I'm sure there is one out there for her. She must stay away from my family and my husband." Sibahle confirmed that Mdu paid lobola for her, but declined to furnish Sundays World with more details. "I'm just trying to get my life together in peace," she said. Mdu added: "As far as I'm concerned, I am married to Sarah Masilela and she's my only wife. With regards to your question about Home Affairs, I didn't go to Home Affairs to marry behind my wife's back, and I hereby confirm that I am not a polygamist ... yes I cheated, the child was born and I was caught. "As we speak right now, I'm in a process of sorting out my life with my wife and my children. We are undergoing marriage counseling in a bid to build trust in our relationship. "If whatever received by the family [the Dlaminis] was regarded as lobola then it's illegal to receive such monies cause (sic) according to the marriage act in South Africa, the first wife must give concern (sic) [consent] in writing, stating that she agreed with me taking the second wife." He said there was never a letter of consent and he was never married to Sibahle Dlamini. "I want to be clear regarding this matter cause (sic) it's going out of hand. I love my wife."