Listening to the prayers of the religious leaders at the ANC conference in Nasrec one could have reason to be scared. All of them called for divine intervention‚ begging God to prevent divisions in the ANC and the formation of a new political party. “Father we pray in the name of Jesus‚ that we chose the leaders not according to the desires of our hearts but yours. We bind all the spirits which are against righteousness which want this conference to go ahead. We revive the consciousness of those who are going to vote that they think about South Africa when they do it. “Today is the day in which you will reveal yourself that among all the gods‚ You are different. I pray for the delegates to accept the results as they are. I pray for the one who will lose that he remains in this home. I bind the spirits of division. I bind spirits of starting new parties. There will be no new political party which will be formed after this conference in the name of Jesus. We rebuke all division in the name of Jesus‚” prayed one of the religious leaders. Then Bishop Stephen Zondo took the podium and continued on the same path. “Even the prophets of doom who said this conference is going to divide the ANC‚ I’m here to decree and declare that this conference is going to unite us. We’ll be united even more because if God is on our side‚ then who can be against us‚” Zondo prayed. Then he switched from prayer to speech and versa versa. “We pray for the delegates that when they vote that they vote with a conscience…because whatever we are going to do here is not about us. It is about the masses that are suffering outside there. “It is not about the African National Congress. The African National Congress has been chosen as a vehicle to guide and to lead…Think of your granny‚ your brother out there. Don’t think about yourself. “God has chosen His leader. That leader will lead this nation…Let God give us a leader to lead the ANC‚ but that leader must not divide us. That leader must unite us. United we stand divided we fall‚” Zondo sealed his prayer.