Limpopo teachers were among those who had gathered at Lorraine village outside Tzaneen to celebrate the life of a slain school principal who was recently killed inside a court building.About 10 white tents were pitched at the local soccer field to accommodate teachers, pupils and residents who had come to pay their respects during a memorial service held in honour of Hendrick Mapampole Shai yesterday.Shai, 45, was appointed principal at Lorraine Banareng High School about three months before he was stabbed to death inside a courtroom at the Lenyenye Magistrate's Court.He was attending an assault case which was opened against him last year by taxi rank queue marshals. Teacher goes to court for stabbing principal in front of pupils Bertha Hedger, the principal of Motlolatsoka Primary School where Shai had worked before, described him as a hard-working educator.Hedger said Shai, who worked with her for years, continued to assist her with marking scripts even after he had been appointed principal of another school."Whatever he had, he shared with everyone. Death has stolen our joy. To me, I see a loss of a brother and a hard-working colleague," she said.Pupils from both Motlolatsoka Primary and Lorraine Banareng High schools recited poems to pay tribute to Shai.Members of the South African Democratic Teachers' Union (Sadtu) could also be seen wearing red T-shirts in the audience.His wife Cockey Shai, who was flanked by relatives, sat quietly folding her arms inside one of the tents.Secretary of the school governing body at Lorraine Banareng High School, Daphney Mmola, said it was hard to speak about the loss they had suffered as a school."It is hard to stand here and speak. We worked with Shai for three months but we learnt a lot from him. He was intelligent and knowledgeable."We thought we would go far with him. But we have been left disappointed," Mmola said.Circuit manager for the education department in the area, Pulane Malatji, said they had already begun to see an improvement in the level of discipline at the school since Shai was appointed.Chairman for the Sadtu branch in the area, Simmy Modiba, said Shai was always involved in union activities."The teaching profession has lost a leader and a cadre," Modiba said. He said they had also come to show support to Shai's wife and four children. "We are with them. We also feel outraged and devastated. We sympathise with the learners and the community," Modiba said. mahopoz@sowetan.co.za