There are three more midweek premiership games featuring the sides who were involved in African club competition at the weekend.Times Media Digital rounds up all you need to know in our quick guide to the games.TUESDAYPLATINUM STARS VS MAMELODI SUNDOWNS:Stars player to watch: Vuyo Mere The former Sundowns right-back is now captain of Stars and a key attacking weapon with his forays down the flank.Sundowns player to watch: Fares Hachi With Sundowns likely to make squad changes French-born Algerian wide player Hachi could return either at left-back or on the left wing. He has looked an excellent acquisition so far.Stars strengths/weaknesses: Stars have not conceded in any of their last four games and look solid at the back. Conversely they have only scored two goals in that time themselves.Sundowns strengths/weaknesses: Sundowns ability to get goals from anywhere makes them dangerous from all situations. Lifting themselves again mentally after their African Super Cup win at the weekend could be a challenge.Last meeting: Khama Billiat scored the only goal of the game as Sundowns won 1-0 on the final day of the league 2015/16 season last May.Quick fact: Somewhat surprisingly Stars hold the edge in the head-to-head between the two clubs with a 12-11 advantage. WEDNESDAYSUPERSPORT UNITED VS MARITZBURG UNITED:SuperSport player to watch: Reneilwe Letsholonyane Winning the midfield battle will be key and Yeye is the perfect man to break up the Maritzburg play and get his side on the front foot.Maritzburg player to watch: Evans Rusike SuperSport have an experienced but at times ponderous defensive line. If Maritzburg can use the pace of Rusike to get behind them they could be in business.SuperSport strengths/weaknesses: SuperSport are averaging almost four goals a game at home in their last five matches but also have a tendency to concede. Expect goals in this one.Maritzburg strengths/weaknesses: Maritzburg have found a way to be competitive on the road with just one away defeat in their last seven games. They have battled for goals from their front players though.Last meeting: Thuso Phala scored the only goal of the game as SuperSport claimed a 1-0 away league win in September.Quick fact: Remarkably fixtures between these two have not seen a home victory in any of the last 12 meetings one of the oddest statistics in the Premier League. In fact the last time there was a home win SuperSport defeated Maritzburg 7-0 in October 2011. BIDVEST WITS VS BAROKA FC:Wits player to watch: Phakamani Mahlambi This game is perfectly set-up for his wizardry against a defence under pressure and lacking in confidence.Baroka player to watch: Olaleng Shaku Benched for the last game he may or may not return to the starting line-up but either way as captain he needs to provide leadership to the fragile squad.Wits strengths/weaknesses: Wits are solid across the pitch and finally have the kind of competition coach Gavin Hunt wants in the squad. They can be wasteful in front of goal though and have already dropped points this season with wayward finishing.Baroka strengths/weaknesses: The shambolic scenes off the pitch following the suspension of the technical team will have an effect on the players. Man-for-man they are outgunned by Wits so it comes down to whether they have the heart.Last meeting: Wits claimed a comfortable 2-0 victory over Baroka when the teams met in Polokwane in September with Thabang Monare and Cuthbert Malajila on the scoresheet. Quick fact: Baroka have not won any of their last 12 matches in all competitions. - TMG Digital