President Jacob Zuma is this afternoon hosting a High Tea ceremony with some of his State of the Nation Address special guests at his Genadendal Residence in Cape Town. The presidency explained that on the eve of SONA every year the President invites the special guests to acknowledge the good work that they have done and continue to do in the development and promotion of the country and its people as well as the sacrifices they have made during the struggle for liberation .Here is the presidency s descriptions of Zuma s guests:1. The family of the late African National Congress president Oliver Reginald Tambo as this year marks the commemoration of the centenary of the birth of Mr Tambo who is celebrated worldwide as one of the distinguished pioneers of the democratic South Africa .2. Umkhonto WeSizwe (MK) struggle veteran and former Member of Parliament General Ike Maphoto.3. Ms Primrose Goge the KwaZulu-Natal medical nurse who was presented with a Recognition Certificate for detecting an abnormal occurrence in the fetus that ultimately spared the life of an unborn child. 4. The family of the late South Africa s internationally acclaimed musician Mama Africa Dr. Miriam Makeba as well as the family of women rights activists and struggle veteran Mama Dora Tamana. 5. Female Entrepreneur of the Year (Agriculture Forestry and Farming) winner Ms Venecia Janse; 6. Ms Mogau Seshoene the Founder of The Lazy Makoti a cooking retail and culinary school startup.7. The Executive Director of the Albinism Society of South Africa and Commissioner in the Commission for Gender Equality Ms Ms Nomasonto Mazibuko. We are looking forward to host and acknowledge these distinguished individuals and their families for their immense contribution in the struggle for liberation and the development of our country. The opening of Parliament and the State of the Nation Address is a very important event for our country as it reminds us of our history and the long journey that of our country has taken to ensure a better life for all said President Zuma. 