A paedophile who was found guilty of over 870 charges ranging from production of child pornography to rape and grooming children for pornography on Friday said he had found God.The man who is not being named to protect the identity of his victims waddled to the witness box in the South Gauteng High Court with his feet cuffed.With a large cross dangling from his neck the man wept begging for forgiveness telling the court that he was a man in need of redemption.He said he had started a church in the Boksburg prison where he was incarcerated. That is now my first calling he told the court.Addressing two of his ex-girlfriends sitting in the court he referred them to a Bible Scripture from the book of Matthew. Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us said the self-confessed paedophile.One of his victims was just a year-old when he started taking off her nappy fondling and penetrating her with not only his penis but other objects including a thermometer and her own toy dinosaur. I deserve this the man said referring to the lengthy jail sentence that almost certainly awaits him.He said he could not say anything which would justify his actions and felt terrible that he can t take back what he has done. I do need help and this has been a cry for help he told the court.The tall dark haired man said he would use his time behind bars to assist the police to help those who had the same perverted addictions that he did. Let me help others like me he said adding that he would be willing to assist the police in tracking down other paedophiles. I know how a paedophile thinks. I am happy to say that I am no longer one. To the police if you need help I am here to help he said.The man was arrested last year after United States authorities traced him after he posted dozens of videos of himself performing his sordid acts on his victims on at on online group used by paedophiles to share videos of their acts. On 19 Nov 1996 in Newcastle Mandela opened the Ekuseni Youth Centre and he said prisons as they have existed in our country are not conducive for the rehabilitation of its prisoners and I have seen first hand that the only way I am going to get help is for myself and from within said the man.He was heartbroken over the fact that he would no longer go car racing with his brother fishing with his father or take his mother out for curry.As he said this his brother who sat in the front of the court looked down at the benches of the court gallery.On the other side of the same bench sat the man s two ex-girlfriends who looked straight at him as he spoke.He apologized to them both.To the one he explained that he did not date her just to have access to his daughter. I didn t date you because you had a daughter but I did break up with you because you had a daughter he said.To the other he apologized for disappointing her children. We shared fantastic moments together and those children idolized me he said adding that the monster in him took away their dad.He looked at the second woman and vowed that he had never touched her son saying that was never his thing .The man claimed to have gone through a lot since his arrest last year. There are unspeakable things that have happened to me since I was incarcerated he said.When he returns to court on Monday however the court will decide how many more years he will spend behind bars.While a plea agreement had been reached between the State and the defence Judge Cassim Moosa said he need to consider the man s address to the court before delivering the sentence. TMG Digital 