After lives were put at risk at Loftus Stadium on Saturday, security is expected to be jacked up at Orlando Stadium when Orlando Pirates host Bidvest Wits tomorrow night (7.30pm).Pirates chairman Irvin Khoza yesterday lashed out at supporters for their behaviour and said he will allow the law to take its course against the culprits who ripped out chairs and interrupted visuals on TV by forcefully pulling the cables in acts of violence during Bucs's 6-0 defeat to Mamelodi Sundowns.Khoza, however, could not reveal security plans for tomorrow's fixture against Wits. As the hosts, Pirates are responsible for security as the PSL can only take charge of cup games."Every game is determined by categorisation. If it's a low-risk game, it requires a certain level of security. If it's a B or higher category, then it requires interesting involvement and a certain number of security," he said.But in the wake of the Loftus riots, Pirates could again be confronted by the fickle fans who are still claiming that their demands have not been met despite Khoza saying a new coach could be named on Monday. Pirates have had poor crowds at Orlando Stadium and it remains to be seen if the fans turn up following the humiliation by Downs on Saturday.The heavy defeat was an eye-opener for Khoza.It's the second time Bucs have conceded six goals in one match this season - the first a 6-1 loss to SuperSport United"A 6-1 loss by the club of the stature of Pirates is unacceptable. For that to be followed by a 6-0 loss is rubbing salt into a wound," he said yesterday."Obviously I do not like to lose, but football is football. But maybe it's time for reflection. It's an opportunity for self-direction and self-correction."Having said that, I maintain that violence is not the answer. We will be meeting with the technical team to get to the bottom of the problem. There is no denying there is a problem."Pirates will announce a new coach on Monday, after a buyout clause stood in the way of them appointing the man they wanted last month."We had hoped that at the end of January he would be available but there is a buyout clause until the end of May."