Executive Mayor Herman Mashaba has tabled a 2016/17 adjustment budget for the City of Johannesburg. Here are the highlights:Housing- You will all recall our discussions here following the floods in Setjwetla last year. You will all recall our collective mourning for the family of Everitte Chauke who was washed away in the floods. I am pleased to announce that this adjustment budget allocates R1 million for a study into how we can protect the people located along the Jukskei River Banks in Setjwetla. There are promising indications that short-term protection can be offered to these people by managing the flow of the river. If this study affirms the prospects of success we can plan for this project in the 2017/18 Financial Year. - On the backlog of 3 100 incomplete housing units in the City: I am pleased to announce to Council that we will complete 1841 of these housing units in this financial year. We will make use of a National Grant to fund R546 million for the purpose of electrifying some of these incomplete Housing Units. - An additional R41 million has been allocated to the project to electrify various informal settlements including: Plot 8 Lindhaven Kliptown Ext11 Princess Plot 61 Freedom Charter Square Ruimsig Portion 77.Homelessness This adjustment budget has made an allocation of R2 million for the construction of homeless shelters in various areas so that we can finally begin addressing this challenge head-on.Safe and connected communities- An allocation of R31 million to JMPD for the recruitment of a further 1 500 JMPD Officers. This will be a major breakthrough in the City s efforts to combat crime enforce by-laws and manage traffic congestion. Traffic management and road infrastructure- A specialised JMPD unit is to be set up to address the issue of traffic light failure in the city. This unit will operate as a rapid response team to downed traffic lights in order to provide relief to our residents while the broader issue of traffic light repairs is being addressed. - A new policy for traffic lights: This adjustment budget will initiate for the first time the No Join Policy for Johannesburg Road Agency (JRA) in respect of traffic lights. Up until now the City has addressed issues of downed traffic lights by simply joining cables in the event of an electrical fault. Each join in the cabling of a traffic light is an electrical weakness in the circuit that makes it vulnerable to rain electrical surges and lightening. We have allocated R6 million to replace cabling in key traffic intersections to initiate the No Join Policy which will be expanded upon in the 2017/18 Financial Year. - R60 million for JRA to procure the requisite material for pothole repairs and R28 million in salaries to provide the requisite capacity behind this operation. - Tarring roads in impoverished areas. These upgrades will take place in Doornkop Lawley Mayibuye Tshepisong Protea South and Ivory Park.Public Transport- R51 million for the purchase of additional buses for Metro Bus with a further R5 million for the refurbishment of our current fleet.- R14 3 million for the Intermodal Transport Facility in the Inner CityInner City Renewal- Increased funding to the Johannesburg Social Housing Company (JOSHCO) amounting to R 219 million. The mayor said this increase will be for the purpose of purchasing buildings that will be refurbished within the Inner City. These buildings are to be converted into low cost rental stock that will house 1164 families.Refuse removalAn additional R49 2 million is being allocated to Pikitup in a bid to clean up our city . This is through additional cleaning shifts in the Inner City and within our informal settlements as well the mayor said. 