Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane said his team learnt from their MTN8 final humiliation against Bidvest Wits in October and applied those lessons in Saturday's 2-0 win against the same opponents at Loftus Versfeld.Sundowns departed from their normal flowing football style and engaged in an arm-wrestle that not only frustrated Gavin Hunt's side but showcased Sundowns' versatility and adaptability.When the sides first met on October 1 in Mbombela Wits handed Sundowns a 3-0 hammering. You can't study biology yet you're writing geography " Mosimane said."You've got to study what's coming to you. We knew they were not going to change their game plan and they've been destroying teams."I was watching them during the Baroka game and I didn't even finish that game. Baroka wanted to play football and Wits didn't allow them to."I knew Wits weren't going to play football and I wasn't going to do the same. This game was a heavyweight boxing bout and it didn't look good and I'm sorry about that. Normally Mamelodi Sundowns does not win these types of matches."This team can play pretty football but they can also graft at the same time."That's something we learnt during the Champions League and with the style of football they're employing they look like a team that'll do well especially in the away games. Sundowns may be three points off log leaders SuperSport United but they still have four games in hand in fourth place.On account of how tactically astute they were against Hunt's equally brilliant side Mosimane's goal-driven team should be log leaders if they beat Chippa United on Tuesday at home.But the wily coach is not counting his chickens before they hatch. We are just taking one game at a time and we're not looking up the log."What's good for us now is that we're three points ahead of our schedule so we need to win against Chippa United to complete our first block of fixtures and deposit those points in the other block of matches."If we carry on in that manner we're en route for the same number of points we had last season. I don't know whether we'll get there because of injuries and stuff Mosimane said. There's also the small matter of the Champions League where if you get to the group stages there's six games and this could also apply to Wits."SuperSport United may face the same challenge in the Confederations cup. - TMG Digital