Ajax Cape Town will assess striker Prince Nxumalo ahead of Saturday s Absa Premiership derby against Cape Town City after the forward suffered another epileptic attack prior to Tuesday s 5-0 mauling at the hands of BidVest Wits.Nxumalo has a history of epilepsy problems that has stumped doctors and flies back to the Mother City on Thursday having stayed behind in Johannesburg to be monitored.His latest attack happened the night before the game against Wits and Ajax coach Stanley Menzo said he will only feature against City if they are 100 percent sure he is medically OK to do so. Prince had an epileptic attack the history [of his attacks] you know better than I do Menzo said on Thursday. It was the evening before the game so we did not take a chance to bring him in to play. We don t take chances with these things we don t take risks. I hope we can solve this problem. He is flying back today we will look and see how he is whether he can train and whether he can be in the squad but I don t like to take risks with somebody s health. Nxumalo twice suffered epileptic attacks while on the field last season forcing a prolonged absence that also affected his chances of winning the PSL s Golden Boot eventually finishing one goal shy of winner Collins Mbesuma.He also missed the final game of last season against Wits as the team s medical staff were worried he could suffer a relapse.His expected absence does limit the forward options for Menzo who says his side needs to show far more fighting qualities and application than they did on the 5-0 loss to Wits this week. What we want is to play the type of football that we spoke about but first we have to get results because when you get results you get confidence and when you lose 5-0 you don t get that. What I saw at the end of last year [before the festive season break] was a team that played with fire and heart and that is what I missed on Tuesday. I am sure they will give that fire and heart on Saturday. The stats against Wits showed we had more ball possession only the efficiency has to be better. He admits there will be pressure on his side as they look over their shoulder at the relegation mix below them but says this is a good thing. There is always pressure. It is better to play with pressure than be in the middle about it and not care. They know they have to win because they need the points and it is a derby. Pressure is good. We are sportsmen we have to handle and perform under pressure. TMG Digital 