Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe said on Saturday he would not impose his successor and that if the ruling ZANU-PF party felt he should retire, it would hold an extraordinary congress to choose a new leader.The world s oldest leader, who turned 93 this week, has maintained a tight grip on power in Zimbabwe since independence from Britain in 1980. He is due to stand for re-election next year and says ZANU-PF has no viable alternative candidates. Mugabe was joined by thousands of supporters to celebrate his birthday at a school in Matobo just outside the second biggest city Bulawayo, and a short distance from the grave of colonialist Cecil John Rhodes. Rhodes was an imperialist, businessman and politician who played a dominant role in Southern Africa in the late 19th century, driving the annexation of vast swathes of land. Others are saying President, choose a successor before you retire . Is that not imposition? Me imposing someone on the party? No, I don t want that, Mugabe said. This is an issue for the congress to choose. We can have an extraordinary congress if the president retires but you said I should be your candidate in the next election. Matobo is one of the areas that suffered heavy casualties during the 1980s crackdown by an elite North Korean-trained brigade against rebels loyal to Joshua Nkomo, Mugabe s then rival. Rights groups say 20,000 civilians died during the so-called Gukurahundi offensive. Critics say Mugabe s policies, like the seizure of white-owned farms for blacks and his black economic empowerment drive have ruined the once promising country. Mugabe, a pariah in the West, said he agreed with US President Donald Trump s America for Americans approach and criticised Zimbabweans seeking jobs in America. Mugabe attributed his long life to what he said was God s mission to fulfil the needs and demands of Zimbabweans. I thank the Lord and say I accept the mission my Lord, said Mugabe, who wore a black cowboy hat with national colours and a print shirt designed by his wife Grace. Mugabe said he only had one sister left and missed his siblings, adding that when I look back I say aah, oh Lord, why were these taken before me and why have I remained so long, alone and alive. I cannot answer that. A local bakery donated a 96 kg cake designed in the shape of the Zimbabwean map, while party officials jostled to give Mugabe gifts ranging from sculptures to cattle. 