Pitso Mosimane blasted the playing surface in Mdantsane after Tuesday s 1-1 draw with Chippa United calling for higher standard of facilities even if taking the game to the township proved a great success.The Sisa Dukashe Stadium was almost full to its 7 000 capacity for the visit of the champions despite persistent rain and cold windy conditions.But the poor weather left the field resembling a mud patch in parts and meant that both teams were stymied in their plans to play free-flowing football. There s nothing wrong with coming to the township because we need to bring football to our people but the disadvantage is that the infrastructure sometimes lets us down said Mosimane after the drainage at the stadium proved poor. We can t be expected to play football in these conditions. We need to get the balance right. Football shouldn t be about fighting but these conditions make you to fight. We were happy with the point in the circumstances. The match was a little bit open but we have to be happy. What can we say? Take a point go home and don t be too greedy. This could yet turn out to be a crucial point the Sundowns coach said.The draw ended a run of four successive league wins which had lifted Sundowns up to fifth in the Premier Soccer League standings despite the fact they have only played 12 games of their campaign. We were trying to play percentage football put the ball behind the leaders and see what would happen. But we don t really like to play that kind of football. I was a little bit angry with my players that we were up against a really short left-back [Paseka Mako] but we didn t take the ball much to their side. We didn t take those chances. Chippa are always a good team and they like to play nice football. It is probably a bigger disadvantage for them to come here when the weather conditions are like this added Mosimane.Chippa plan five games in total this season at Mdantsane. They have already hosted Highlands Park and in the next weeks play Lamontville Golden Arrows and Bidvest Wits at the venue.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport