Two goals in two minutes just after half-time propelled SuperSport United to a spellbinding but misleading 5-2 win over Golden Arrows on Wednesday evening. Having watched Bidvest Wits put five past Ajax Cape Town on Tuesday evening to remove them from the Premier Soccer League summit, SuperSport emulated their rivals to regain the number one spot and enhance their already healthy goal difference to 16. Reneilwe Letsholonyane and half-time substitute Thuso Phala scored the 47th and 49th minute goals that knocked the stuffing out of the visitors. Chiukepo Msowoya added a third through an unfortunate own goal from a Thabo Mnyamane freekick in the 61st minute while Cole Alexander added a fourth five minutes later.It was quite the hi-octane and unexpected half-time turnaround as the first stanza provided little by way of action. It would have been the best remedy to put a restless toddler to sleep such was the turgid nature of the first 45 minutes. It's not every day where a second half produces seven goals after a sleeping inducing start.The first 21 minutes of the second half and the half-time entertainment would have been worth the entrance fee the smattering of fans who enjoyed the balmy night. The manner in which SuperSport ambushed the visitors early in the second half would have taken any team by surprise but it was a trademark of Stuart Baxter-coached side. Kaizer Chiefs used to pick their moments very well, scoring just after half-time to seize momentum and in the last 10 minutes to kill off the opposition.If the game could be downsized into the second half, SuperSport were the deserved winners. They capitalised on any mistakes made by Clinton Larsen's side.Letsholonyane's volley caught the defence sleeping while Phala's pace was too much for the back four and goalkeeper Nkosingiphile Gumede to cope with.Msowoya executed the perfect header at the wrong side of the field while Alexander was on hand to tap in Mnyamane's cross.Larsen's side gave as good as they good in the first half and even bordered on wasteful as they did not convert. There was none of that in the second half when Kudakwashe Mahachi and Wayde Jooste found ways to beat Reyaad Pieterse.Mahachi's 59th minute goal from a long ball caught the SuperSport defence napping and punished the hesitant Pieterse while Wayde Jooste's 75th minute goal was an opportunistic one that wormed through a packed box. SuperSport were not done and a fifth one came via Morgan Gould in the 81st minute, whose positioning was suspect in Arrows' first goal but the job had been done by the strikers. Free State Stars coach Serame Letsoaka was an interest spectator and he would have been worried with what he witnessed. Free State Stars and their porous defence are next on SuperSport's menu next week Wednesday.