Tsepo Masilela is uncertain about his future at Kaizer Chiefs.Masilela's contract expires at the end of the season and he'll be hoping for better luck in negotiations than some of the veterans who have left Amakhosi in recent years.Despite a lack of game time this season, the left-back has no thoughts of leaving Amakhosi and would in fact be happy to retire at the club.The 31-year-old has only made four league appearances this season, struggling to get ahead of Sibusiso Khumalo in the starting line-up. "They [Chiefs] have been good to me since I came back [from Europe]. It's tough to predict the future . if it means I retire at Chiefs, then so be it, I do not have a problem with Chiefs," said Masilela, who did not want to talk much about contract negotiations."If the coach needs me to play, I will play, and if he decides to play Sbu, then I will support Sbu because we all want to win. We put that first."Masilela predicts the title race will go to the wire this season, looking at how things are going at the top. Defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns are edging closer to the top of the table, while SuperSport United, Bidvest Wits and Cape Town City are doing everything right now to get their hands on the coveted trophy.Chiefs are in second place."We are on the right track. We are still in the top-five and anything is possible. There are still a lot of games to be played. We are hoping to finish at the top and win the league," said Masilela."I think it will go down to the wire. You have teams like Cape Town City. There's Wits who are strong, and they have a good coach [Gavin Hunt]. There's Sundowns, and you can never write them off. We all know they have quality."Chiefs seem to have put their inconsistencies behind them, with straight victories, including the 2-1 win at Maritzburg United over the weekend. Willard Katsande and Siphiwe Tshabalala were on the score-sheet."The wins are good for the confidence of the team. Individually, you have Shabba [Siphiwe Tshabalala] scoring goals and [Bernard] Parker is back playing and scoring goals. Hopefully, we can keep going."