Gustavo Paez has pace and can take the initiative and could fit in well in South African football defender Lorenzo Gordinho said of his new Kaizer Chiefs team-mate ahead of the striker s likely debut against Free State Stars on Tuesday night.Venezuelan Paez has been Chiefs lone signing of the January transfer window and might make an appearance probably from the bench as Amakhosi resume the 2016-17 season from a six-week break with an air of optimism at FNB Stadium.Having battled through most of the first half of the season Chiefs appeared to click to some extent with two victories against Polokwane City and Lamontville Golden Arrows before the Christmas and Africa Cup of Nations recess.The arrival of Paez who might have a dubious record at various clubs in Slovenia and the lower leagues in Spain and Italy but appears to have impressed his new teammates in training will buoy Chiefs even further should the striker prove a hit. I think he can add a lot to the team. He s got a few good attributes centreback Gordinho said. He s the typical striker for the South African game. I think he s going to fit in well. He s not the biggest but he s quick. He s got good movement. He likes to shoot and take the initiative which is what strikers should have. So I think he s going to add good competition to the team as well as attributes that the coach [Steve Komphela] will incorporate. Gordinho admitted the break disrupted Chiefs rhythm when they finally found some at the end of 2016. It is difficult because the momentum slows down and we ended on a very high momentum. But we want to hit the ground running and continue from where we left off he said. We aren t the only team who have been on a break all the teams will be struggling. Stars under their 1990s captain Serame Letsoaka who replaced Giovanni Solinas as coach last month know they need to start picking up points to move up from 14th place and avoid a grim relegation battle in the second half of the season.They have signed SA Under-20 international forward Nhlakanipho Ntuli from Jong FC Twente and Ghanaian former Maritzburg United striker Mohammed Anas.Striker Moeketsi Sekola has moved to Highlands Park and left-back Bokang Tlhone to Bidvest Wits.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport