The EFF will approach the Constitutional Court in a bid to force Parliament to take disciplinary action against President Jacob Zuma the party s leader Julius Malema announced on Tuesday.This was after the same court in 2015 found that Zuma had violated the Constitution in his handling of the public protector s report into non-security upgrades at his Nkandla home.The EFF have since referred to Zuma as an illigimate president. The Constitutional Court can t say this person acted unconstitutionally and it ends there and nothing happens Malema told journalists in Johannesburg. You are rendering the Constitutional Court useless. You are doing what they [the ANC] did with the public protector s remedial action. Malema said the EFF would approach the highest court in the land for direct access. It wanted the court to compel Parliament and National Assembly Speaker Baleka Mbete to either impeach Zuma or make him facing a disciplinary hearing. It can t be business as usual. We want the court to compel Baleka to take action. The National Assembly was due to start debating Zuma s state-of-the-nation address in Parliament on Tuesday. The EFF like last year is boycotting the debate.Last week the party was violently removed from the chamber after disrupting the President s address. Malema said Parliament had once again violated the Constitution claiming that SA Police Service members were posing as Parliament s protection services member.Malema said the EFF had proof that SAPS members were used in the National Asssembly and the party was busy identifying them.In 2015 the High Court in Cape Town ruled that police officers were not allowed to remove or arrests MPs for things they said or did in the National Assembly. You are prepared to protect an individual that has breached his oath of office and the Constitution and then beat up those who are exposing that and then leave the crook in Parliament he said referring to the ANC in Parliament. Parliament was meant to take him through an inquiry or impeachment process after the Constitutional Court [judgment] still Parliament does nothing. Parliament [was] told not to bring police [into the House] they break the Constitution. 