Former Springbok captain and rugby legend Van der Westhuizen died aged 45 on Monday after a long battle with motor neuron disease (MND). Joost will be remembered as one of the greatest Springboks not only of his generation but of all time said Mark Alexander President of SA Rugby. As a player he lifted the Rugby World Cup Tri-Nations and Currie Cup while establishing himself as one of the best scrumhalves world rugby has ever seen. He was the record holder for the most Test tries for the Springboks for more than 13 years and finished his international career with 38 Test tries. He also became an inspiration and hero to many fellow sufferers of this terrible disease as well as to those unaffected. We all marvelled at his bravery his fortitude and his uncomplaining acceptance of this terrible burden. It s a sad day for rugby in South Africa and across the globe as we say goodbye to a legend of the Springboks. Our condolences go to his family and friends at this sad sad time. A big scrumhalf with an eye for a gap and an amazing ability to rip opposition defences apart Van der Westhuizen was a nominee for the prestigious SA Rugby Player of the Year Award six times during his career in 1993 1994 1995 1996 1998 and 1999. He was also a Young Player of the Year nominee in 1992.Alexander said that Van der Westhuizen was without peer at a time when the top teams in the world had great scrumhalves. He could do things no-one else could and it was his unpredictability as a scrumhalf that dazzled opponents and gave his supporters so much reason to cheer Alexander said. Joost epitomised what it meant to represent South Africa on the rugby field and always showed a remarkable fighting spirit throughout his career but also in recent years during his illness. He was a hero and a role model for so many young rugby players in the early years of professionalism and he taught a generation of South Africans what it meant to be a Springbok. His passion for his country and the Boks will always stand out and he will be sadly missed. To lose a Springbok legend at such a young age is very sad but his memory will never die. I salute you Joost on behalf of South African rugby. Van der Westhuizen played his last Test on November 8 2003 against New Zealand in Melbourne at his third Rugby World Cup. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport