Beefy with a deep baritone voice that has a pleasant ring to it but also exudes calm authority perhaps where Kjell Jonevret made the most impression in his first game was in Orlando Stadium s press conference room.Following Bucs 1-1 Absa Premiership draw against Polokwane City the big Swede cracked jokes grinned freely slapped man-of-the-match Dove Wome on the back a few times and gave the answers that left an impression that this was a football man through and through.And one experienced and with pedigree enough not to care too much about trivialities such as keeping a job even at a complex club like Pirates.Jonevret said his first area of attention last week was Bucs defence. When I arrived I talked with the guys and the players and the staff and they expressed that they were a bit not so confident with the way we have defended the 54-year-old said. So we started there on Tuesday and Wednesday and had a few other sessions. And I think tomorrow [on Sunday] when we sit down and analyse this game we're going to see a lot of these things that we have trained on this week and talked about. I think our defence was good to start with. City had one or two shots from range in the first half. And I thought we had good control. In the second half it was a bit the same but there was a stupid mistake. No players make mistakes and I always feel a bit sorry for them when they do. But that s football. And then maybe in the last 15 minutes there was bit more of a wild west you could call it. But I think in the first hour even if they scored a goal we had good control. Ninth-placed Pirates are clearly a team low on confidence for whom bad habits have crept in. Jonevret has much work to do especially on constructive possession play. Our defence was OK. But I thought we had problems when we had the ball sometimes. We lost the ball a bit too easily he said. So I was trying to help that. It s not easy to do by just talking. But I was looking for a bit more slow when we had the ball. I thought there were many players running in the same areas. We lost many balls playing sideways and blind sometimes. But sometimes I don't know what I m doing there on that touchline I just want to win that game. And I felt very sorry for them because I thought we were worth it. I thought we played a great second half. It was really close with the post there and there were two or three other chances. Thamsanqa Gabuza never played to the whistle. Jonevret s next task is the Soweto derby against Kaizer Chiefs at FNB Stadium on Saturday. Don t expect this big unflappable Swede to get himself into too much of a knot about the magnitude of that fixture though. - TMG Digital