One of the great rivalries of South African sport resumes in Cape Town on Friday. Olympic bronze medallist Henri Schoeman goes up against countryman Richard Murray just seven seconds slower at the Rio Games in the Discovery Triathlon World Cup. Schoeman whose breakthrough came at his sport s biggest stage is displaying bundles more confidence these days. I m going for nothing less than a win Schoeman said at a press conference in Cape Town on Thursday. The sprint triathlon event a 750m swim 20km cycle and 5km run as opposed to the Olympic distance which is double is supposed to favour Murray. But Schoeman has other ideas. Richard likes a sprint race and I typically prefer an Olympic distance race because you get a better chance to get a breakaway going. But I ve been working on my running so no matter if it s a breakaway on the bike or if we re altogether on the run I think I ll be very competitive. Murray s strength has been in the final run leg but Schoeman traditionally a quick swimmer has improved his running tremendously in the past year or so. Schoeman went into the Olympics considered the second fiddle to Murray but he edged his more successful compatriot into fourth place. It s great to have rivalry among two South Africans. Pick any sport you want but there will be few occasions that two SA competitors at their peak are battling for supremacy. It s great for spectators and it s great for other athletes who want to get involved. It s great I was able to get up there. Richard was the first to get results on the international stage and I respect him for that. Schoeman rates the Cape Town course as fast and not too technical. It s got a couple of u-turns but I ve been on worse. Schoeman admitted there was an extra tension in the first race of a season not knowing the condition one s opponents were in. You re definitely a bit more nervous. You re not entirely sure if this guy s on form or maybe peaking at a later stage in the year. The men s and women s races are scheduled for Saturday afternoon. - TMG Digital