When children write to former president Nelson Mandela commemorating his centenary over the next year and a half businessman Tokyo Sexwale is curious to know what they will say. What do you say when you are standing there with this chaos around us? The violent protests parliament breaking up. At Pirates we don t like what we saw. Orlando Pirates is one of the greatest teams in South Africa he said after the team s fans rushed onto the field and stopped play in a match against Mamelodi Sundowns at the weekend.Sexwale was speaking at the launch of the Nelson Mandela Centenary 2018 programme at the DOCC Hall now the YMCA in Orlando Soweto on Monday morning. Mandela a boxer trained at this hall in the 1950s.The programme will honour Mandela s centenary year marking his birth on July 18 1918.Among the various events and projects planned is the release of a book of letters to Mandela by children from all over the world. They are expected to write about their experiences growing up today. The Nelson Mandela Foundation is calling for entries.Sexwale said some of today s leaders are giving the children poor writing material. He pointed to the selflessness of leaders like Mandela and former ANC president Oliver Tambo. People are stealing. Right from the lowest position to the highest office they are stealing. People are taking from the public pocket. Even the devil can quote the Bible. People quote these leaders Tambo said Mandela said. Don t use their names speak your own truth. Do not hide your own criminal actions behind the reputation of Oliver Tambo or Nelson Mandela. Nobody should use the names Oliver Tambo or Nelson Mandela to hide the dirtiness of your work. Sexwale said that while Mandela was imprisoned Tambo whose centenary is being celebrated this year kept his legacy alive and that the ANC as it was under Tambo should be preserved. From 1960 to 1990 the ANC political alliance gave back to us the people. So don t mess up the organisation of these people. Find it the way you get and pass it on the way they gave it. Otherwise we will know two ANCs the ANC of the liberation I am a part of and another one we don t know of the vandals of the principles of some of these leaders we are talking about. Sexwale said that if the ANC did not reform South Africans have a right to choose their own paths.The Nelson Mandela Foundation also commemorated 27 years since Madiba was released from prison on Monday.Launching the centenary programme foundation chief executive Sello Hatang said it was guided by the principles that need to be cultivated in society. Among these he listed integrity passion service and respect.Some children have already submitted their entries. Dear Mandela Sorry you died for me. I have read the Long Walk to Freedom book. I was amazed by your braveness one child wrote. 