A student at the Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University has given up a full study bursary earned on academic achievement in order to help somebody else complete their studies.The Cape Town born student is currently in the third year of a BSc Computer Science degree at NMMU. When I received the bursary I realised the opportunity I had been given and decided to give it to someone more in need of it than I am the student who preferred not to be named told the university which announced the generous gesture on its website.The BankSeta bursary award covers tuition books accommodation and a food allowance. It is valued at R90 000. I was pleasantly surprised by the student s decision but I was so pleased that more financially needy students could be assisted said Prof Jean Greyling who lectures the student. The student said the #Feesmustfall movement had highlighted the plight of many poor students around the country and that he was made more aware of the struggles that countless students face in financing their studies. I am fortunate to have come from a family where this isn t a concern so I can only imagine how much a full bursary would mean to someone who has to fight hard to be educated and struggle to ensure that their fees get paid. The student has chosen to remain anonymous about giving away the bursary for personal reasons. I do not believe it s necessary for anyone to know who I am. Acts of kindness shouldn t be because of self-benefit since the main focus should be on what it does for others. I am blessing someone with my bursary not to gain any recognition or praise but instead as a response to all the blessings I have so graciously received he said.The student thanked his parents saying: I would be lying if I said that I m giving away this bursary as something I m doing on my own. This wouldn t be possible without my loving and supportive parents who are fortunate enough to be in a financial position to assist me and my siblings with our studies .The student s parents who financially assist him supported his decision to give away his bursary. NMMU said they also currently contribute to the tuition of other financially needy students and head an entrepreneurial trust which helps people start their own businesses.