As reported over a month ago Springbok coach Allister Coetzee will remain in his post after a laborious review of the 2016 season was finally concluded on Monday.SA Rugby s Executive Council rubber-stamped the predictable outcome on Monday which also sees Cheetahs coach Franco Smith come on board as full time backline coach. Coetzee still has three years to run on his contract while Smith will stay on as Cheetahs coach for the next three seasons in a duel role with the Boks. There was no confirmation of Brendan Venter s position as defence coach as the former Bok centre is still involved with Italy s Six Nations campaign. His appointment will only be formalised at the end of that tournament according to a source. Former backline coach Mzwandile Stick has been axed from the Bok coaching staff to make way for Smith but will be redeployed as Junior Springbok backline coach. Chean Roux the former Varsity Cup winning coach from Maties and a Bok technical advisor under Heyneke Meyer was confirmed as the new Junior Bok coach replacing Dawie Theron who resigned last year. Stick is the only member of the Bok coaching staff from 2016 to be sacked - SA Rugby won t call it that saying he would take up the role as Junior Bok backline coach as if that was his preferred option. The Boks won just four of its 12 Tests last year yet the only casualty of the coaching shake up is the man who had the least influence. The governing body wanted to make Stick assistant to Neil Powell in the national sevens team but the former wanted to remain in 15s. Our coaching review was focused on the Springboks and we identified two areas to give Allister Coetzee additional support at the head of our most prized national asset said SA Rugby president Mark Alexander. Franco Smith will continue the work he began with the backs and attack at the end of last year while we are very excited about the new defensive coach we have identified to address matters raised during the review."We expect to be able to confirm that appointment shortly. I would like to apologise to our supporters for the delay in this announcement but assure them that it was necessitated not by a lack of clarity of intent but by the need to first resolve all contractual issues."The outcomes we now have were agreed with Allister some weeks ago. Last year was an incredibly tough one for the Springboks and all of the rugby community suffered. We weighed many factors in the review process but we believe that these changes will strengthen the Springbok management hand. The new alignment at both a coaching and conditioning level with the franchises will also provide critical support to the national team."That process continued recently with our third coaches indaba and another is already scheduled for later in Super Rugby when the coaches will come together for a third time to discuss our on-field approach."The conditioning coaches are also reconvening on the same day. - TMG Digital