Two 2016 schoolboy prodigies centre Wandisile Simelane and flyhalf Damian Willemse were included in a provisional 50-man SA under-20 training squad on Tuesday.Simelane played SA Schools in 2015 and 2016 and was one of the stars of last year s Craven Week with his pace step power and an accurate boot as the Golden Lions qualified for the final against Western Province.Simelane scored 65 points in three matches at Craven Week. Willemse though was probably the stand out performer at the week and is also in the Stormers squad during Super Rugby this season.He starred as WP beat the Lions 27-20 in the final. There are four other 2016 SA Schools players in the group including captain and lock Salmaan Moerat Gianni Lombard Manuel Rass and Muller Uys. Other players included are current Sharks fullback Curwin Bosch who was one of the stars of the 2016 Junior Boks as well as eight other players from the 2016 team that came fourth at the World Championships. Last month a total of 86 players were invited to two assessment camps in Pretoria and Stellenbosch where the players participated in a series of speed and strength tests and underwent medical screening.The first training camp will be in Stellenbosch from 5 to 17 March.The squad will then be trimmed to 28 players in April for the international showpiece which kicks off in May. This is a talented group of players and we can t wait to start the real hard work in the lead-up to the World Rugby U20 Championship said Junior Springbok coach Chean Roux. The players who were selected really worked hard which is very pleasing."They were aware of the fitness and strength standards required at this level of the game at the conclusion of the assessment camps and we are proud of the work they put in to achieve that. But that was only the first step in what will be a mentally and physically challenging journey to possibly secure a place in the final 28-man squad. Over the next two months we will be working hard to put our structures and systems in place and to reach the desired fitness and strength requirements we would like to achieve as a team. We have exactly three months to get the team ready before their opening match which is not much time especially if one considers that the U20 Six Nations teams are at an advanced stage of their season."But that said we are excited about the challenge ahead and we believe the players will be up for it. - TMG Digital