Daine Klate said that Bidvest Wits youthful element could be crucial for them in their CAF Champions League second round date with eight-time holders Al Ahly. Through their 3-1 win against Saint Louisienne at Bidvest Stadium on Saturday evening Wits will make the daunting trip to Cairo on the weekend of March 10 to 12. Wits beat the team from Reunion 4-3 on aggregate after losing the first leg 2-1 in St Louis. We ve got a few good youngsters who are doing well with the examples being Reeve Frossler who came on and Phakamani Mahlambi Klate said. They ve played for the South African Under-20 side in youth qualifiers and in their age group championships so they have that bit of experience in that regard. They will need the senior players to help them blend in with the challenge in Egypt to see how best they can do and we can do. If you want to get into the group stages you ll have to get past the big boys. You ll always be lucky to find an island team in the preliminary stages. We always know the game before the group stages is always going to be the big teams. You re bound to find them at this stage but hopefully we can join Mamelodi Sundowns and make it to the group stages. Mahlambi was missing from Saturday s match-day squad but the youngster will be an important cog in Wits title-chasing machine.Sifiso Myeni operated with limited effectiveness on the right wing even though he scored a crucial goal. However his continental experience gained with Orlando Pirates could be invaluable.He was part of the unsuccessful campaigns where Pirates reached the Champions League (2013) and the Confederations Cup (2015) finals before losing to Al Ahly and Etoile du Sahel respectively.Klate said Gavin Hunt s previous experiences against Al Ahly with SuperSport United will come in handy but the players also need to lead from the front. We re going to share as much as we can. We know the style of Al Ahly and they ve been to this stage many times the winger said. I hope Sifiso and I can help the team and the coach with our experiences. The crowd is going to be hostile but that s something we re looking forward to and those are the moments we need to embrace to put the club s name on the map. * Platinum Stars won the second leg of their Caf Confederation Cup preliminary round tie 1-0 on Maputo on Saturday to progress 2-0 on aggregate.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport