Orlando Pirates caretaker coach Augusto Palacios has declared that the Buccaneers are not completely out of the race for the league championship at the end of the season.Pirates were held to a goalless draw by Platinum Stars in Rustenburg on Wednesday night to leave them trailing current log-leaders SuperSport United by nine points but Palacios insisted there was still a long way to go in the season.Pirates are currently occupying tenth spot on the table with 19 points from 14 matches and they find themselves in a must win situation against traditional rivals Mamelodi Sundowns in Pretoria on Saturday. It was bad for us to drop two points against Platinum Stars on Wednesday but you never lose hope because this is football. We must continue to work hard because people are saying nine points is a big gap but anything can happen. We need to continue to fight for every point and for each other on the field. Our next four matches are against Sundowns Bidvest Wits Cape Town City and Polokwane City and we have to try and get something from all of them. It is not going to be easy but that is what we must do to improve our position on the log he said after the draw with Stars in Rustenburg. We have to be optimistic because like all the teams we have points to fight for in the second round and some of the teams above us are going to lose some of the matches. We must just make sure that we are consistent to capitalise when they drop points. Palacios said he was not feeling the pressure despite the unhealthy position that Pirates find themselves in at the moment where they have to fight for every point and play catch up with the SuperSport United Wits Cape Town City Kaizer Chiefs and Sundowns who completes the top five. I am not feeling any pressure I have been with Pirates for 22 years and when the club decides to get a new coach I will not have a problem. I will move back to development or anywhere they put me but at the moment I want to win for this club because I love it he said.Palacios said for them to move up the ladder they must solve their goal scoring problems that have counted against them on many occasions so far this season. The only thing for us is to focus on scoring goals this is something that is important for me at the moment. A while ago I was worried about the defence but now I worry a lot about scoring because that is what has been costing us he said.TMG Digital