SuperSport United defender Clayton Daniels has said that the expectation to win trophies at the Tshwane club is the same as at city rivals Mamelodi Sundowns or the Soweto giants Orlando Pirates and Kaizer Chiefs.SuperSport may not get the same pressure to win from fans as the so-called Gauteng Big Three but the expectation from coach Stuart Baxter and the club management is exactly the same the centreback said.SuperSport resume their Absa Premiership campaign at home to Lamontville Golden Arrows on Wednesday and have also drawn ambitious National First Division side Royal Eagles in the Nedbank Cup Last-32.Added to that they have a Caf Confederation Cup preliminary round tie against Madagascan side Elgeco Plus this month in another competition the club are desperate to win. Everything is important for us we want to challenge for all the cups that are available whether it s the league Nedbank Cup or Confederation Cup Daniels said. Our squad is healthy enough to do our best in each and every competition we play in. At this moment we are top [of the league] but that doesn t mean anything. It only matters come the final game of the season and if we are still on top then. That is our goal. Maybe this is going to be a good year for us. We have had a good [festive season break] we played a number of friendly games and I think the team is coming together nicely. The fitness is there the strength is there. But the most important thing in our team is the character we are strong. SuperSport have welcomed Bafana Bafana winger Mandla Masango on loan from Danish side Randers FC but also lost attacking midfielder Dove Wome to Orlando Pirates. That s football these decisions have to be made Daniels said. We have lost Wome but also brought in another quality player in Masango. We welcome him we wish him everything of the best. Daniels was also full of praise for Baxter who won two league championships in three years with Kaizer Chiefs between 2013 and 2015. We have an amazing coach. He is very professional. He knows exactly what to do at the right time the defender said. When to train players when to rest them. He knows the balance of the team is important. He knows how to manage the players. We are excited we are hungry we want to achieve things this season. So we are looking forward [to playing again]. It s exciting times. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport