Gordon Igesund has said he will not be too harsh on his Highlands Park players in the wake of their 3-0 loss at Cape Town City on Tuesday that keeps them very much in the relegation quagmire.Highlands were out-gunned and could have lost by a greater margin but Igesund feels there were mitigating circumstances including a completely new defensive structure and that the side will improve on in the coming weeks. You have to be honest with them they worked their butts off we tried everything we could but things didn t quite go for us Igesund said of his players. I could go in there [to the changeroom] and scream at them or I can lift them up and I chose to lift them up. I wasn t happy with the result obviously but I knew it would be tough for us because I had five players on the field playing together for the first time he added. I tried to revamp the team defensively my Brazilian [Pedro De Amorim] didn t play tonight because we only got his work permit a couple of days ago and he is still trying to fit in with the language barrier. The understanding between the centre-backs [Chris Katjiukua and Eddie Ngalo] and with Ayo [Oluwafeni] at left-back and [Siyabonga] Nhlapo at right-back was not quite there but I can t be too critical of the situation. The second half I thought we were much better we got a lot tighter on players and I thought we created a very good couple of opportunities and their keeper [Shu-Aib Walters] made a magnificent save. This game will bring us on definitely. Igesund says it was some consolation that the teams around them in the relegation mix all also lost as well. Free State Stars lost Ajax Cape Town lost Baroka lost and we lost. So there is no real change the only difference is that each team has a match less to play. We have to dig deep. We are playing at home at the weekend [against Polokwane City on Sunday] we have to win that game because we then have two very tough games after that against Kaizer Chiefs and SuperSport United. But we will get better the guys will understand each other better. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport