Motorists hooted and waved, others stretched their necks through their car windows while pedestrians stopped to have a good look as Kasi Mlungu drove into Phomolong near Tembisa township, Ekurhuleni.Unperturbed, with the window of her car rolled down and house music blaring from her vehicle, Anita Ronge, 26, easily went through the busy traffic to Absa Car Wash in Leboeng section.A group of her friends, only men, had gathered waiting for her. A few ngudus (beer quarts) had already been downed. Cars were lined up blasting a variety of sounds.Strangely, the presence of the white Afrikaans woman among the group of black men hardly gets a reaction from passers-by in this part of Tembisa anymore.All because she has been coming to this section and other parts of the township almost every weekend for the past three years.Her township friends gave her the names such as Kasi Mlungu akaStoko sa Lekgoa. In her music circles she is also known as DJ DuchAz, and is probably the only white female house/kwaito DJ in the land.Last week she set tongues wagging on social media when she tweeted: "I get rejected for not being black enough and being too black to be white... I'm #kasiMlungu &amp; I'm proud." The tweet featured a photo of her waving a grass broom.Many responded by testing her knowledge of black culture, which some said was just a "performance" that would fade away. It got personal, with some users calling her a "nutcase" who had a thing for black men.Earlier, while interviewing her and her mother Annatjie, 60, at their home in Kempton Park, DuchAz said her love for black culture started at school when she befriended black kids and she later fell in love with a black boy in high school."My school was 98% white and you can imagine the kind of hate I got mainly from white people. I was called names such as KFC (K***** F***ing Chick). They said I was downgrading. I didn't care. I was happy with who I am. I still don't give a s*** about what people have to say about me," said DuchAz, who is open about her love for the ANC.Annatjie said her daughter's lifestyle had made them outcasts to their relatives. DuchAz's father died when she was 12 years old."I'm proud of who she is but many people in our family are still racists and they can't stand the fact that my daughter goes to Tembisa and hangs out with black people. It got to a point where we don't even get invites to family gatherings anymore. We accept that," Annatjie said.DuchAz said the events of last week seemed to suggest that her fondness of township life was new and that she was doing it for attention.But she said she has only one white friend."I've been doing this for years. Tembisa is my home - a place where I can be free and be myself. My skin is just white but inside I'm black," she said.The lounge area at her home has pictures of her in modelling outfits as a teenager. When she was 18 years old, she took up professional modeling for FHM magazine, before she swapped it for deejaying.Her friends in Hammanskraal and Tembisa gave her a DJ crash course and soon she started getting gigs around the townships in Ekurhuleni, including at DJ Shimza's Easter Festivals and Spring Fiesta.Soon her name started doing the rounds. She is not signed to any label.Back to the car wash, as the night was creeping in while ngudus, pap &amp; vleis and kotas were being shared, DuchAz's friends said they weren't bothered by the reaction she got on social media."She is like our blood sister. She eats what we eat, sleeps where we sleep."She spends 90% of her time with us and only 10% with her own family," said Leo Khoza.Lesibane Mosehla said: "Whatever hate that she is getting right now means nothing to us, we know who she is. She is a good person and we tell her that she must not let the hate get her down."