The chairwoman of the Commission for the Promotion and Protection of the Rights of Cultural, Religious and Linguistic Communities wants a strong message sent to all those who disregard Chapter 9 institutions.Thoko Mkhwanazi-Xaluva said the commission was vindicated after a man who threatened her and called her names was found guilty by the Hillbrow Magistrate's Court.Koabeng Qhobela, a Revelation Church of God member, sent her a threatening e-mail in 2015 when the commission was investigating the commercialisation of religion and abuse of people's belief systems.The church's leader, self-styled prophet Samuel Radebe, refused to appear before the commission and open its books. Qhobela called Mkhwanazi-Xaluva "a servant of Satan". He said he could see a "dark cloud" over her life for sending summonses to Radebe to appear.Yesterday, Mkhwanazi-Xaluva said: "Our legal team is looking at other church leaders who threatened and called me names. I was called an anti-Christ by Pastor Mboro."Being called anti-Christ is the same as being called a servant of Satan. If as a nation we have space to threaten Chapter 9 institutions, then our constitution is a joke."Qhobela was found guilty of intimidation, crimen injuria and violation and disregard of Section 19 of the commission's act of 2002.Mkhwanazi-Xaluva said the verdict reaffirmed the commission's powers. "We are not looking for the suspended sentence. The threats cost taxpayers money because bodyguards were hired to secure my life and security was beefed up in our offices," she said.Qhobela's free bail was revoked. He will be sentenced on March 3.Church spokeswoman Thembi Tulwana said "we are not in a position to discuss this publicly".Mboro yesterday said Mkhwanazi-Xaluva was "anti-Christ because she fights the work of God"."I never insulted her. The Bible says those fighting Christ's work are anti-Christ. She was targeting certain churches. When it came to me, she was personal. I am still waiting for her to apologise for calling me a fake prophet following the "heaven" controversy because someone posted those fake pictures of me in heaven. The issue destroyed my reputation. I say it again and I will say it in court, she is anti-Christ and anti my church," Mboro said.