A single mother has told of how she found her daughter lying lifeless after she and four others were shot by a police officer in Kwaggafontein, Mpumalanga."I want answers. I am angry. What has angered me the most is the fact that my daughter was killed by a police officer. He was supposed to protect her, not kill her," said Riah Mthimunye.Mthimunye's daughter Gugu Mthimunye was among five people who were shot by a police officer stationed at Vosman in eMalahleni at dawn on Sunday.Gugu, 28, a mother of a two-year-old boy and two other people died. Two survivors are recovering in hospital.The officer then turned the gun on himself and also died.Provincial police spokesman Brigadier Leonard Hlathi said the officer had accused the group of stealing his money. He could not give details, saying nobody had made a statement to them about the incident."If my daughter owed him money, he should have come to me instead of killing her. I would have paid him. I do not know what happened or why she was killed."I found her in someone's yard with a gunshot wound in her back. There was no blood coming from the wound. I suspect she bled internally. She was shot while running for her life," said the weeping mom.She said she did not even know the police officer. When the Sowetan team arrived at the Vlaklaagte home, Mthimunye was sitting on a mattress in the living room.Gugu's son Bafana was running around, oblivious to the incident."His mother loved him so much. By tradition, I had to whisper into his ear and tell him that his mother has passed away. He asks about where she is and when she would be coming home."I do not know what I am going to do. I will need help to raise him. I am a domestic worker and I do not earn much," said Mthimunye.Gugu's cousin Given Mthimunye said they were fond of each other."How are we supposed to trust the police when one of them has killed my cousin. I am angry."The cop went around shooting people. He also dragged one woman and then shot her before going to her home and shot two of her relatives," Given said.Hlathi said: "According to information gathered through witnesses, the constable claimed that the victims stole his money and as a result, he shot all five of them, of which three died and two were wounded. He then turned the gun on himself."The incident angered the residents who later burnt the police officer's car. 