Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane said incidents such as Saturday s pitch invasion during his side s 6-0 record thrashing of Orlando Pirates at Loftus Versfeld should not occur endangered lives and harmed the Premier Soccer League s product.The PSL match was delayed for an hour after Percy Tau s 82nd-minute sixth goal sparked a pitch invasion first by Pirates fans then those of Sundowns in response resulting in fist-fights violence and injuries.The players coaching staff and benches of both sides sprinted for the safety of the change-rooms.After the PSL s security officials were overwhelmed an SA Police Services armoured vehicle entered the pitch and teargas and stun grenades were fired.The match resumed after the delay and was completed.But only after fans were treated for injuries by paramedics on the field. The game has got mixed emotions. The good part and the unfortunate part Mosimane said afterwards. It s football and these things do happen. The last time I saw me and my players running down the tunnel was in Setif [in Algeria in the Caf Champions League last year where there was also a pitch invasion]. It s unfortunate. But I think the league is there. Everybody knows that issues like this should not be condoned. I usually bring my son to games. Today I m happy he did not come he was watching on TV. This is what we don t want bringing children to the game and women to the game. We have really improved in South Africa. When you find unfortunate things like this it s not nice because we re struggling to fill the stadiums and to put a good product on the pitch. PSL media officer Lux September said the league could not comment fully until all the details of the incident were known. We all saw what happened. First of all I think it s important for us as the league to say that we will release a statement in due course about what happened today. I think it s important to get all the facts and for us to establish exactly what happened. But what happened today is regrettable. And I m sure the acting CEO [Mato Madlala] will release something on it. September said he had attempted to ascertain the exact number of people injured but was unsuccessful. Early indications were that 12 people were treated for injuries. I head three numbers coming here [to the post-match press conference] so I can t give you any numbers he said.At least one supporter was treated by paramedics on the field.Sundowns player Anthony Laffor was apparently struck by a bottle in the back of the head.Damage to property apparently included SuperSport and SABC television cameras. The loss of television feed shortly before the pitch invasion was apparently because fans behind the goal on the north side of Loftus from where the pitch invasion emerged had interfered with cables pulling them apart.On the decision to resume the match and complete the final eight minutes September said: The match commissioner and the VOC [the SAPS s Venue Operations Centre] commander in a situation like this the VOC commander is in charge deliberated on this together with the clubs. First of all they had to clear the field until they were sure it was safe. There was no discussion about anything until the field was clear of all the injured people and so forth. Pirates coach Augusto Palacios did not return to the pitch for the final eight minutes of the game or the post-match press conference.Bucs assistant coach Benson Mhlongo said this was because: He [Palacios] takes this defeat too hard he was not feeling well. 