The Blitzboks have entered unchartered territory for the first time in the 18-year history of the HSBC World Sevens Series because they are not only the team to beat but the standard-bearers of the sport as well.South Africa have always been among the top five but reverence has been reserved for New Zealand and Fiji during the 17 previous editions of the series. Even though SA won the 2009 title overall victory was achieved against expectations.But this year the Blitzboks have set new sevens standards on defence. They have changed the nature of the sport with their work off the ball and it will take teams a little while to catch up.Just as Fiji were the 1990s kings of attack before New Zealand took the blueprint and improved on it over 15 years SA have shown the way forward in sevens in 2017.Defence used as attacking weapon with accurate ruck play and lightning counter-attacks has never been so slick. Neil Powell s team have now set a template on defence as well as fitness and discipline that other teams will have to follow if they want to remain in contention.For the first time too the Blitzboks will carry the burden of being the overwhelming favourites so early in the season after winning two of the three tournaments so far and winning 17 of their 18 competitive matches.They won round one in Dubai and were runners-up in Cape Town in round two. Last week in Wellington the Blitzboks won round three and have earned 63 log points out of a possible 66 at this stage of the season.The pressure of being the pacesetters is probably the only thing that could derail their campaign. With a 12-point lead at the top of the standings winning the title is a reality and only a massive Blitzbok implosion will see them denied.Captain Philip Snyman has warned his team about being the target and the standard for all others on circuit as they head into round four in Sydney this weekend. We have a saying in the team of always getting back to the middle said Snyman. Whether you had a good loss or a bad win it does not make a difference you have to start again with a fresh mind and attitude. Your start with the basics and try and do those right. Snyman points to the fact that South Africa failed to make the final in Sydney last year and that they are keen to improve on that. It will not be easy teams will be gunning for us and we will have a target on our backs said the Blitzbok captain. We played well in Wellington but the performances were by no means perfect. We have plenty of areas to improve on and will work hard in training to make the adjustments needed. We are always striving for zero tries conceded so we need to lift the intensity even higher. - TMG Digital