The Shongweni landfill which caused a stench among residents of the Durban s outer-west suburbs faces closure following an investigation.Criminal charges could also be laid against EnviroServ the operator of the landfill.In a statement released by the environmental affairs department yesterday it was revealed that the a notice of intention to suspect or revoke the company s licence for the site had been issued. The statement was sent out via the eThekwini Municipality s mailing list. The notice is prompted by the findings of a series of investigations by the Green Scorpions in collaboration with the eThekwini Municipality during January 2017 following a significant increase in receipt of malodour and health related complaints linked to the operations of the Shongweni Landfill Site the statement said.EnviroServ has been given until the end of next week to respond as to why the licences shouldn t be suspended or revoked.Residents of the area have long complained about the smell coming from the site and said that it was leading to health problems. Sore scratchy throats and burning eyes were among the most common complaints. The complaints started last year but have become more frequent in recent months.A protest march was scheduled for Saturday coincidentally the day after the statement was released. Despite many interventions implemented by EnviroServ to comply with the instructions contained in the Compliance Notice there is still an unacceptably high level of landfill gases being emitted from the Shongweni landfill site which the authorities have confirmed to be the cause of many of the communities complaints the statement said.It continued that the Green Scorpions the department s environmental investigative unit had been probing the landfill after a search and seizure warrant was executed in September. It was found during the search that EnviroServ Waste Management (Pty) Ltd had failed to comply with the provisions of environmental law and certain conditions of the waste management licence which was issued in terms of the National Environmental Management Waste Act 2008. The National Prosecuting Authority (NPA) is currently in the process of reviewing the docket and will thereafter make a decision on whether or not (and which parties) to prosecute the statement said.The exact nature of the contraventions were not outlined.Questions have been sent to EnviroServ over the allegations against them and the company was formulating a response. This is a developing story and will be updated. EnviroServ has reacted with surprise to an environmental affairs department notice that it intended to suspend operations or close down the company s landfill site in Shongweni west of Durban.News of the notice being issued broke on Friday afternoon the day before residents of the outer west area planned a protest march against the company. They claim that the stench from the site was unbearable and that it brought with it a myriad of health problems.Environmental affairs said investigations were also ongoing into a breach of the site s operating conditions which could result in charges being laid.But EnviroServ chief executive Dean Thompson said on Friday evening that the company would defend itself against the notice. It is with surprise that we have received notice from the Department of Environmental Affairs [DEA] of intention to suspend or revoke the Shongweni Waste Management Licence. We will motivate fully why this is not necessary given the facts at hand. In the interim we remain a compliant and legal site he said.Thompson accused the department of having succumbed to public opinion and for deviating from the agreed-on remedial action that was being implemented. There is no scientific evidence to link EnviroServ to the odour as the DEA-requested technical and toxicology studies are still underway he said.He added: The department s investigation into potential contraventions of legislation is still preliminary and inconclusive. We are liaising with the investigation unit and have agreed timeframes for the submission of outstanding information and representations. This information still needs to be considered before any decisions are made. 