New SuperSport United signing Mandla Masango has a good reason to believe that he will have a successful stay at the club.Not only has "Bullet" joined a team on top of the Absa Premiership standings, but a quick look at his career suggests his best PSL season was under Stuart Baxter at Kaizer Chiefs two seasons ago when they won the league and the MTN8 double.The duo have reunited at Matsatsantsa after Masango penned a six-month loan deal from Danish side Randers.During the 2014/15 season - his last in the PSL before moving to Randers - Masango played more games than in any other season.He made 28 starts and 10 more from the bench with Baxter as coach. He scored nine goals, the most goals he's scored in a campaign.Masango, 27, admitted yesterday that Baxter was a big factor in his decision to return after a troubled stay at Randers."It feels good to be back," said Masango yesterday during the team's open media day in Sunninghill, Johannesburg."What motivated me was to work with Baxter and my former [Chiefs] colleagues. There are other factors that I won't talk about," added Masango, who was clearly agitated when quizzed on his reasons for leaving Randers.Masango was reportedly furious that Randers turned down an offer from Denmark's bigger club Aalborg last year. He was sent to train with the Randers youth team instead.Baxter believes Masango will rise above his troubled stay and play a major role at SuperSport.The coach noted that the Bafana winger was now a mature player. "When we were together at Chiefs, Mandla was a promising player. I often thought Mandla was excellent in training but weaker in games, and I just thought he needed two or three things in his game that he could rely on," Baxter pointed out."One was his movement and he needed to move to penetrate [defence]. I didn't want him getting the balls to the feet all the time and I wanted him to make runs behind people. There was also the defending and he didn't feel like it. There was also his decision-making with the ball."He is available for selection to face Golden Arrows tomorrow at Lucas Moripe. (7.30pm).