Three flawless days from Andy Birkett and Abby Solms in the toughest conditions in over a decade saw the pair march convincingly to the men s and women s titles at the 2017 FNB Dusi Canoe Marathon on Saturday.Andy Birkett s three-day performance on the uMsindusi River was one of class and experience as he did not put a foot wrong on his 120km trip from Pietermaritzburg to Durban.Birkett has now drawn level with Dusi Duke Martin Dreyer with seven victories this his fourth consecutive win since 2014.Conditions were made difficult by low water levels with competitors running as much as 21km on Saturday s third day. I am not surprised we didn t have a water release on day three with the drought that we are experiencing but this stage was definitely the toughest stage of Dusi racing I have experienced Birkett said. This year s win has been quite special with the conditions. The race for second was ended halfway up the gruelling Burma Road portage as Euro Steel/Red Bull s Sbonelo Khwela powered past Hank McGregor and into the distance to his best K1 place at the Dusi. I am really happy with my second and I don t mind losing to a guy like Andy he paddled so well Khwela said. I have been working so hard on my paddling so to come second ahead of a guy like Hank McGregor is a great feeling. To keep focused on my own race on Saturday was very important to me and to not chase Hank on the [Inanda] dam. I managed to keep my cool and it worked for me. Before the start of the final stage most punters would have put the podium positions to rest with McGregor and Khwela fighting it out for second and third but Build-it/Williams Hunt s Thulani Mbanjwa had other ideas. I did have to look over my shoulder a bit to see if Hank was behind me but I managed to hold him off something I am proud of Mbanjwa who snuck into third said.Solms s performance was unrivalled as she led the women s race from the first portage on the opening day to the finish Blue Lagoon at the mouth to the Indian Ocean a sublime way for the 27-year-old to wrap up her first Dusi title. It was such a tough race we had all the elements against us throughout. But I came into the race wanting to win and I managed to achieve exactly what I wanted Solms said.Bridgitte Hartley went into the final day in second and might have had the edge over the dam with her flat-water prowess however when the paddlers were on their feet it was Christie Mackenzie who came into her own to power to a finish of second.Hundreds of paddlers set off from Camps Drift on Thursday not entirely sure of what the three days of paddling would have in store with uncertain water levels and difficult environmental issues to consider.Stewart Little walked away with the under-18 boys prize ahead of Mvelo Ngidi and Minenhle Mbhele in second and third respectively. Behind Mackenzie in the girls under-18 increment were Tracey Oellermann and Gemma Lawson.David Evans was impressive over the three days winning the under-16 boys crown while Caitlin Mackenzie the fastest under-26 girl throughout the three days.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport