Being called a Ben10 is not only degrading but defamatory as well. This is according to Luvo Makasi who has been accused of being Water and Sanitation minister Nomvula Mokonyane's 'Ben10'.He was responding to allegations made by EFF leader Julius Malema and the City Press in the past week that he is Mokonyane's young lover."To be called a Ben something is not only defamatory but it's actually degrading any sense of being that you have. So there I'm taking advise and I would prefer not to further answer any questions relating to that issue," said Makasi.According to Makasi, the allegations surfaced when his law firm Boqwana Burns gave legal advise to Lepelle Water Board on the Giyani Water Project.Who is the man accused of being Nomvula Mokonyane's Ben10?"We've been advising on a number of other projects, the problem started when we started touching the Giyani Project. "Where everybody came in and where Mr Malema as well came in it's when everybody got wind of our legal opinion where we said that the Giyani Project, the contract is actually irregular it must be cancelled. That is where the interest came in. Before that no one was bothered," he said.Makasi said that as lawyers they give legal advise on many issues and he suspects that the advise they gave to Lepelle Water Board was not favourable to a lot of people including Malema.Nomvula Mokonyane speaks out on 'Ben10' allegations"Our role as lawyers is to provide legal advise. At times that advise may be comfortable to other people and it may not be comfortable to other people. Unfortunately on the Giyani Project we gave advise which I believe was not comfortable with too many people. And would I have changed it if I new? I would not have changed it because those are the facts," said Makasi."So I think my sin or my firms sin was to provide an opinion on the Giyani Project. And part of the issue that arises is the fact that all along City Press itself has been running a particular narration on the project. Only after our opinion came to the fore, even the week before the last article, everything was fine on the project, only when they get wind of our opinion then they start now bringing us into the picture. 