Kaizer Chiefs needed to come together and shoulder the blame collectively for some stuttering form before the team could click said centreback Lorenzo Gordinho ahead of the resumption of the Premier Soccer League on Tuesday.Amakhosi return to action from the six-week break for Christmas and the Africa Cup of Nations against Free State Stars at FNB Stadium on Tuesday night.Chiefs mini run of form at the end of 2016 only comprised two wins in succession 3-2 at home against Polokwane City then 2-0 away against Lamontville Golden Arrows.But given the pressure coach Steve Komphela had been under including mounting discontent from fans in stadiums and the inspired fighting nature of the two victories Lorenzo believes they will constitute a turning point.He said a first win for Amakhosi in 2017 against Stars who fired Giovanni Solinas as coach just before the break and appointed ex-Bloemfontein Celtic boss and Safa technical director Serame Letsoaka could be crucial towards proving that point. We had to realise that Stars have a new coach so their approach will change the defender said. But we have to impose ourselves on them because we are Kaizer Chiefs. And I just think we re raring to get going and start off 2017 well. Our two wins before the break were a turning point. Maybe it came at the wrong time before the break but we realised how we had gotten to that turning point and we re going to continue with that mentality into the second half of the season. Gordinho said Chiefs found their togetherness at the end of 2016. Just realising that we re a team and a family. And to deal with the pressure together and not let one guy do it alone he said. Not let the coach stand alone or let a striker be blamed for not scoring or the defenders for conceding. Gordinho personally had a break that involved some fact-finding that might stand the 22-year-old defender s second half of the season in good stead training briefly with English Premiership side Fulham and having a trial with Danish club Aalborg. The experience was good. It taught me a lot especially about the way they conduct themselves over there he said of his week with Fulham. I got a taste of what it was like and in all comparison to Kaizer Chiefs it s very similar. I can say we re on the right track and football's brand in SA is growing. Stars had a ragged first half of 2016-17 and are in genuine danger of a grim relegation battle in 14th place.After Solinas complained about and a lack of experienced players he and the club agreed to part ways.Under 1990s Stars captain Letsoaka the club have worryingly come out perhaps a little less than even in the January transfer window.Under-20 international forward Nhlakanipho Ntuli from Jong FC Twente and Ghanaian former Maritzburg United striker Mohammed Anas are among players to come in.But striker Moeketsi Sekola to Highlands Park and left-back Bokang Tlhone to Bidvest Wits are potentially big losses.- TMG Digital/TMG Sport