The Stormers have taken a philosophical approach to losing star centre Damian de Allende for at least three months to an ankle injury and are seeing it as an opportunity for youngsters to step up.De Allende was in sublime form for 63 minutes during the Stormers' 37-24 Super Rugby win over the Bulls at Newlands last Saturday before sustaining the injury.It is a huge blow especially as they also lost Bok centre Juan de Jongh to a long-term knee injury in the pre-season. But experienced skills coach Paul Feeney who has seen it all in rugby shrugged his shoulders at the situation. Hey shit happens in rugby you box on and there will be someone else who will step up Feeney said. I feel gutted for Damian but someone else will now get an opportunity and that excites me."There are going to be plenty of injuries this year. Damian was in great nick probably the best condition he s ever been in and you saw early on in the game how important some of his touches were."He put Nizaam Carr into a hole a quick tap led to a try and his boot worked well. He also gave the players around him huge confidence EW Viljoen (on debut) playing next to him really benefitted."So it s a massive loss especially on the back of losing Juan de Jongh in the pre-season. But we have some good young centres Dan du Plessis had a great pre-season and he was unlucky not to be selected last weekend."Dan Kriel came on and played well. We have the athletes here and they re all working hard. You need competition for places within the group to be successful. We re gradually growing in competition for places all across the park. They re all young and want to prove a point so there will be another star coming through. Huw Jones with his pace is a natural 13 but there is no reason why he can t play 12. Any midfielder has to be able to play two or three positions anyway these days. We can mix and match on attack and defence and they can interchange in 12 and 13. Despite the setback the Stormers showed that their pre-season promise of improved skills was on the mark. They scored five tries against the Bulls through deft passing and interplay something they wouldn t have achieved in the last few seasons as their attack grew static. Since Feeney has come on board under instruction from head coach Robbie Fleck to improve decision-making fitness and skills there has been a marked improvement. Although Feeney has been receiving plaudits for the team s upskilling Fleck as head coach has steered the process and made time available to do the drills.It s all about repetition and the Stormers players have endured a great deal of it during the pre-season. We ve put hours and hours into aspects such as catch/pass and our timing among of runs and passes Feeney said. We expected it to improve from last season and it has. Robbie has driven the skills development and it s coming through slowly."Make no mistake we re still a work in progress but we did some good things against the Bulls but there are things we need to improve."We re a long way from the finished product. - TMG Digital