Ghana and Cameroon could not have had a more contrasting run to the last four. The Black Stars required just two games to progress out of their group, whereas Cameroon had to wait until their last game against Guinea-Bissau to make the quarters as Group A runners-up. While Ghana beat DR Congo in normal time to book a semis spot, Cameroon had to do it the hard way against the tournament's overwhelming favourites Senegal, whom they beat via penalties after a grueling, goalless 120 minutes.The coachesAvram Grant, the Ghana coach, has maintained a cool character throughout the past three weeks as he bids to end the Black Stars' long wait for another continental title.He has already experienced heartbreak with the team after losing the 2015 final to Ivory Coast on penalties, and has a chance to make amends here. The Israeli will know that merely making this stage, which Ghana have now reached six times in succession, is no achievement.Cameroon coach Hugo Broos, on the other hand, couldn't be more relaxed.His team have already overachieved by getting this far, having been given no chance after several senior players withdrew from the squad. Cameroon came here with an idea of building a competent team for 2019, when they host the tournament, so there's no pressure on Belgian Broos.The key menAndre Ayew remains Ghana's most important player. He has carried them in certain games, and faded badly in others. He calmly converted the penalty which brought his team victory against DR Congo in the quarters, having already scored one in the group phase. Ayew has been ably assisted by his brother Jordan, who has surprised all and sundry by performing to much-vaunted earlier hype, and the gifted Christian Atsu.It would be difficult to single out individuals from what has been a heroic team showing by Cameroon. But Fabrice Ondoa has been outstanding. The 21-year old goalkeeper made stunning saves to get his team this far, notably in the last match against Senegal, including stopping Sadio Mane's penalty. In attack, Christian Bassogog has also sparkled for the Indomitable Lions, helped by Benjamin Moukandjo.The pros and consFor all their troubled build up, Cameroon can count on something their opponents don't have - massive support! There are lot of Cameroon nationals in this part of the world, and others made the less than 400km trip from Yaound to cities like Oyem. In Franceville tonight, expect any Ghana support to be drowned out. But Ghana have the experience of winning critical games, except finals. They have a more settled squad although when bullied around, their players seem to throw themselves on the turf.The predictionGhana to clinch a hard fought encounter and book a place in the final.lTonight's game kicks off at 9pmMatshe is in Gabon as a guest of SuperSport 