Finally Platinum Stars have made signings of some experienced players which has left coach Cavin Johnson in cautiously optimistic mood ahead of his side s Premiere League match against Orlando Pirates on Wednesday night.Stars management with the team in 13th place at the six-week PSL break appear to have realised the need for experience in a team that has bled players to bigger clubs for five seasons.Johnson night have re5turned to the club to steer them to a remarkable third place last season but this season the wheels have been in danger of falling off.The coach is looking for a good start to 2017 from his team against Pirates at Royal Bafokeng Stadium where they have a reputation for having scant respect for big-name opposition. Hopefully the players put their winning mentality forward and we do well. I have all the confidence that we will do well in 2017 if we start well. They know they have got to up their game Johnson said this week. They know they have to start from the beginning and not from the second game. They have to start tomorrow [Wednesday] night to ensure that they get something out of every game to make sure we move from the bottom. If we start tomorrow then we will keep on improving. We want to make sure that we try and play better at home and at the same time make sure that we put up a better performance as far as football is concerned. Stars have been busy in the January transfer window bucking their trend in recent seasons of allowing experienced players to leave and making signings.They have brought in Namibian international centreback Willem Mwedihanga from Pretoria University and Malawian ex-Bidvest Wits winger Gerald Phiri as a free agent.Former Kaizer Chiefs veteran Abia Nale joins from Maritzburg United while Enocent Mkhabela reunites with his old club and coach on loan from Chiefs.Johnson said the bulk of his new signings are set to get a run against Pirates. For sure you will see them. I always believe that you bring a new signing for his potential and if he is able to show his potential immediately you give him an opportunity the coach said. We really want them to be a part of this team. Hopefully they have pushed hard enough to be a part of the team. They look like they have gelled with the team. They look like they are willing to fight and hopefully they are bringing something else to the party. Hopefully we start off well against Pirates. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport 