Sometimes you will be sitting on the kitchen counter enjoying a glass of cheap wine, watching the man scrub away at the pots through pointless conversation. He knows not to use steel-wool on your Jamie Oliver collection. He makes a helluva mess with water spilling onto the floor, so you know he will be spending even more time mopping afterwards. He enjoys the little house chores. It's his special way of relieving you after a stressful day at the office. You pour more wine, giggle some more and show him the wet patch he missed on the floor. Then you realise just how his mother would freak out at the sight of her "domesticated" son! Yours is the kind of arrangement society still frowns upon. There's been little progress in our society with eradicating these imposed gender roles in relationships. We are still silently forbidden from determining our own paths and redesigning our roles according to the uniqueness of our relationship. 'Females stay sexier longer than men'The toyboy trend is no surprise to the man who wrote the classic book on the subject. This is evident from a simple conversation with the guys at the auto workshop. If your male partner is in your company, they will direct all questions to him, expecting he is more knowledgeable about cars. I guess it starts with how our parents omit to buy car toys for their daughters. Then the girls are taught to make lunch for their brothers. Then, when they finally graduate to washing everybody's dirty clothes, the boy would always leave his sisters' underwear on the washing line. He doesn't dare touch a panty. This was the case with my uncle - until my aunt protested with a resounding "it's funny how you men will pull a dirty panty off a lady's back with your teeth behind closed doors, but find it harsh to touch a clean one off the line ..." - and she was correct. It is absurd to hear the excuses these men make for being unreasonable. They will even extend it to buying sanitary pads! Yes, men want to be excused from buying those. I have asked one idiot "why can't you touch pads? Do they bleed"? We have a lot of adjustments to make as a society. We are literally raising our boys to believe you need at least A-cup boobs to do the family laundry. I swear some men will have us convinced that a medium-size hairy crotch is a prerequisite for loosening the bolts on your wheels. It is even worse when the man refuses to (learn - yawn!) to cook. I know there is a certain level of intelligence and understanding of temperature and measurements that goes into handling a pot of rice, but please you cannot be that simple! I can't see why a woman should risk her life marrying someone who will not even care to cook a pot of soup when sickness has her bedridden. Or worse, wake HER up to prepare him supper because he does not even know where to find the darn salt in his own house. Food is a basic human need. Every man should know how to cook, in a space that he has cleaned. And if he insists that he can afford takeaways and would rather eat out than take the time to cook, then good - make that an order for two! Women possess no domestic magic really. They have two smaller hands, in fact - just fuelled by oppressive norms and an inherent obedience to inequality. They have learnt to shape relationships to suit the historical provider's dictates and accept the insertion of gender even in tasks that have nothing to do with it. The man on the other hand, remains the strong, built brute who would rather his partner washes and wrings the heavy winter blankets. Stop right there if you are thinking he can always hire a woman to be his maid!