The SA Football Players Union (Safpu) has accused glamour club Kaizer Chiefs of dragging their feet in offering goalkeeper Bruce Bvuma a new contract.Bvuma made headlines two months ago when Sowetan's sister paper, Sunday World, revealed that he had been earning R5000 a month at Chiefs since he was promoted to the first team in March.The 22-year-old got his big break following injuries to Brilliant Khuzwayo and Itumeleng Khune.Chiefs later released a statement that read: "The club would like to place on record that Bvuma has been part of the Kaizer Chiefs development structures since 2013-14. It was not anticipated that the player would be involved with the senior squad this season."This supposedly explained why Bvuma was still being paid an apprentice's wage. Chiefs paying their goalie R5000 Safpu, however, has tried in vain to engage Chiefs to secure a better deal for the player.They allege that their attempts have been blocked by the club. "We have always wanted to engage Chiefs to sort out this issue regarding Bruce Bvuma, but they don't want to cooperate. So we are forced to go out to the public about this matter," said Safpu president Tebogo Monyai."Chiefs are claiming that Bvuma's contract where he earns R5000 is a junior contract, but if you look at the contract [which is in Sowetan's possession], it was signed on the 28th of March 2017. This is the time when they were promoting him to the first team when some of their goalkeepers were injured," he alleged."This is in contradiction to what Chiefs said in their statement, that this is a junior contract they signed in 2013-14."Chiefs went out and said where is the proof? So here is the proof that the contract is actually a senior contract. It is signed by [club chairman] Kaizer Motaung."Chiefs were given an opportunity to respond Safpu's allegations, but decided not to comment."We acknowledge receipt of your message and do not have any comment to make on this matter," said corporate communications manager Vina Maphosa.The contract does provide for a salary of R8000 a month for Bvuma, who recently made his Bafana Bafana debut, from July 1. It is set to reach R15000 a month by July 1, 2020 . Surprise Moriri makes a dramatic return to Mamelodi Sundowns Neither the player nor his representatives could be reached for comment yesterday.