SA football legend Jomo Sono was his usual honest self while chatting about the challenges facing footballers at the weekend."The Troublemaker" was invited to address players belonging to agent Jazzman Mahlakgane's stable, Professionalz, at Momentum World of Golf in Midrand, where they had their annual get together.Sono started off by making it clear he's not a fan of agents, because he feels they don't have the players' best interests at heart. "I'm proud about what you are doing," Sono said to Mahlakgane."I'm one person, who's always had a serious problem with agents. They've never played the game and they don't understand what it is to wake up in the morning and go run in the streets. All they are interested in is their cut - 10%," he said.Sono was speaking to the likes of Teko Modise, Siphiwe Tshabalala, Punch Masenamela, Jackson Mabokgwane and Jabulani Shongwe. Retired footballers, who used to belong to Professionalz, were also available for the session.They included former Bafana Bafana midfielder Teboho Mokoena, Thapelo Liau and Lebogang Kukame."I'm not saying this because this guy [Mahlakgane] is here, but all his players are very close to his heart," Sono stated."It is important to have a dialogue with your agent. You are not slaves. Say, 'this is what I want' and don't go to [a club] where you don't want to go. It's not like the first time when they chose a girlfriend for you to marry her, but they covered her face with a veil."The ex-Bafana coach further reminded players to use their money and time wisely."I always emphasise gents that a house, a home, is more important than a car. If you get sick Teko, we will see you sleeping in a Mercedes Benz. Property is the best investment. You don't have to buy 10 cars, because you want [to impress women]," he continued."In football, most of us didn't go to school. I also didn't go. But I always thought that this thing [football career] is too short, so it will end. So let me plan while playing."At the age of 22, I had my first [franchise] of fried chicken when I was playing overseas and at the age of 32, I had 16. You have a lot of time on your hands for small courses," added Sono, who studied a bank management course during his playing days.