ANC member of parliament Makhosi Khoza has forged ahead with her defiance, even going as far as challenging the ruling party to fire her if need be.Khoza has not tip-toed around the fact that she will vote for the removal of President Jacob Zuma during the motion of no confidence debate now scheduled for August 8.Speaking to Power FM, Khoza said that she could not ignore the cries of over 11 million people who have voted for the ANC and are calling for the removal of Zuma and has said that the ANC should fire her if they want to as she will not be resigning."If the ANC is going to be firing me because I am saying we have to listen to the people that elected us, so be it. I'm not going to resign, let them fire me. Let them define themselves that they are no longer the ANC that I know," said Khoza.She said that party members' belief in democratic centralism - which means a decision being made at party level and having all members toe the line - has so far landed them in shambles. Dating back to the Nkandla controversy."We've been captives of cowardice and we've believed so much in democratic centralism to a point where even when democratic centralism is leading us to the ditch we are following."This comes after Minister of Police Fikile Mbalula's remarks on Sunday that ANC MPs who will vote against party instructions on the motion of no confidence in Zuma would be committing political suicide and that they would be disciplined. Mbalula said that disciplinary procedures will be applied for "those who want to use their conscience".The ANC NEC has decided that they will be voting against the motion of no confidence.According to Khoza, Mbalula is basically saying that ANC MPs who are anti-corruption must be thrown out of the party."What Mbalula is saying is that the ANC is now becoming synonymous with wrongdoing with amoral culture. And what Mbalula is saying is that those who are anti-corruption, those who want us to pursue our noble cause on a moral platform must be ejected. Must be thrown out," she said.Khoza has now written a letter to the National Assembly Speaker Baleka Mbete asking her to exercise 'prudence' in her decision on whether the motion of no confidence be held in a secret ballot or not.In its judgment, the Constitutional Court said that the onus lies with Mbete to make that decision."I'm simply saying honourable Speaker when we took office we committed ourselves to uphold the Constitution and therefore it is very important for us to be given a fair space to exercise that which we committed ourselves to," Khoza said.Khoza has also labelled an 'illusion' the call for ANC MPs to toe the party line because people voted for the party and not 'warm bodies'. She said she believed that there are people who have voted for the ANC because of its candidate list."I think it's an illusion. Yes we a proportional representation system but that proportional representation system is not faceless. I honestly believe that there are people that would cast their vote because they see certain people in that list and there are those people who do not go and vote because they say 'what am I going to do with all these people?'. Otherwise if that's not the case, in Johannesburg we would not have lost our elections. In Tshwane we would not have lost because people would have said 'listen we are voting for the party, we are not voting for the warm bodies'," she said.