A 1-0 defeat against Bidvest Wits confirmed Kjell Jonevret s assertion that Orlando Pirates are off the pace of the big teams in the Absa Premiership right now though the coach also believes Bucs are also not so far away .As Pirates prepare to meet African and PSL defending champions Mamelodi Sundowns at Orlando Stadium on Sunday (3pm) who need a win to keep pace with Wits at the top of the PSL Bucs coach Jonevret knows there are key areas his side need to bolster to match top sides.SuperSport United and new Bafana coach Stuart Baxter often talks about 10 or 15% improvements in key areas that can turn teams from a soft touch to competitive.Jonevret following the loss against three-point leaders from Sundowns Wits at Bidvest Stadium on Thursday night spoke about giving the ball away creating chances speed power and confidence as the areas where Bucs need attention.Jonevret also felt Pirates turned to the long ball too often against Wits a sign of a team low on confidence and a tactic of gifting possession to the opposition that against Sundowns who move the ball like no other in the PSL would be suicidal. We know we are going to play a good team of course. But in a home game I hope that we can be a little more shoulders down and go out and play Jonevret said. Because I see it every day in training. We are good in possession and everybody wants to have the ball. And we saw it a bit against Wits. But I hope that we can go out and play because we should not be the team who kick long balls. Even if (Bucs centre-forward) Thamsanqa Gabuza is strong there that s not the way I want to play it. Against Wits we gave the ball away a bit too much. And we have to create more more crosses and more chances. But the players didn t do it on purpose I know that. We have to go and work on it. We want to be as good as Bidvest in the future. I have played against SuperSport Chiefs Cape Town City and we are not so far away. Even 1-0 against Wits with a little bit of luck we could have had the point. So we are not too far away. But there was a little more power a little more speed and confidence in Wits. For eighth-placed Pirates Sunday s game is a chance at revenge for a record 6-0 drubbing they received from Downs at Loftus Versfeld in February.That game was beautiful for Downs but decidedly not pretty for Pirates compounded by an ugly pitch invasion started by their fans disciplinary measure for which unbelievably incomprehensibly and frankly stupendously have still not been handed out by the PSL. You have to ask the players about that Jonevret said on thoughts of revenge. I can t talk about what happened in the past. I can just talk about the time that I ve been here. But we want to win every game. And for Sundowns I hope there are going to be a few more people in the stadium and it s going to be a party. And I hope that we are ready for that. - TMG Digital 