 You can t defend something you don t have yet. That s the mantra the Blitzboks have been living by for the past two weeks as they prepare for their final onslaught on winning the 2016/17 HSBC World Sevens Series title in the coming fortnight.Neil Powell s team lead Fiji by 25 points on the standings and in theory only need two quarterfinal appearances in the season s final two tournaments in Paris and London four wins to claim the overall title. Considering they ve made seven finals and a quarterfinal in the previous eight tournaments it s easy to fall into the trap of believing the job is done which is what Powell is guarding against. It was important for us to get our sports psychologist Pieter Kruger back into the camp when we returned from Singapore last month Powell told Times Media Digital. He spent the first two days having individual and group sessions and everybody is on the same page. We cannot cruise through we have to remain focused on the small details. It s simply staying focused on one match at a time. And right now that is our opening game in Paris against Scotland. Pieter has used the slogan You can t defend what you don t have yet which is important because the guys don't have the mindset of defending their position. They still have to go out and win the overall title. It s about maintaining our own standards. If we go into the last two tournaments saying we only need to make two quarterfinals and that s our goal we would be doing our culture and standards an injustice. The Blitzboks are pooled with Scotland Singapore winners Canada and Japan in Paris. There is no guarantee of simply emerging from that pool. On the up side Rosko Specman has been declared fit and will travel with the team after a hamstring strain so the squad will be as strong as it can be at this late stage in the campaign. The injured trio of Kyle Brown Justin Geduld and Stephan Dippenaar are not available while Seabelo Senatla and Kwagga Smith are on Super Rugby duty. But in Specman Cecil Afrika and Branco du Preez the Blitzboks have massive X-factor while Werner Kok s defensive work at the breakdown and captain Philip Snyman s high workrate give them great balance. Rosko is fit and it s good to have him back in the mix because he brings a lot of energy both on and off the field Powell said. I was nervous at training on Wednesday when he had a few sprints trying to beat players because you never know with hamstrings until they are fully tested but he came through nicely. He is 100% ready to go. We will have an experienced squad for this tournament. Rosko had shown glimpses of his ability when Seabelo was still part of the squad but he s really come into his own when Seabelo left for Super Rugby duty. He took ownership of creating opportunities for others and scoring tries. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport