The national Under-20 team left for South Korea on Wednesday without Phakamani Mahlambi Teboho Mokoena and Reeve Frosler. But Amajita coach Thabo Senong is confident that the team will do well without the trio who weren't released by their clubs Bidvest Wits and SuperSport United.The South African Football Association (Safa) threatened to punish these clubs for their decision even holding an emergency disciplinary hearing on Wednesday which was later postponed.Despite that Senong still left with 18 players for the tough assignment of looking to better the showing of the class of 2009 who reached the last 16 of the World Cup in Egypt.Senong's men have to get past Uruguay Japan and Italy in their group."We are not concerned about the players who aren't here " Senong said."To be honest with you the morale is high (despite the chaos that preceded our departure). We are fully focused on the players who are here."We don't worry much about the players who are not a part of us because we have a game now on the 21st of May."We have to play against Japan (in our opening match). We only need 11 players (for that game) plus three substitutes."I think we have a good team that can help us achieve our targets. With regards to the other players joining us the Safa administrators are dealing with that."They are communicating with the clubs. We will never close doors for any players in the national team. If those players come we will allow them to get some minutes and learn at the World Cup."If they don't come we will still do well. We do not doubt the players that we have. We have to believe in the players that we have."Senong has selected a squad that has a number of players who can be fielded in more than one position which should make up for them being three players short.The coach took on a positive approach confident that Safa technical director Neil Tovey will ensure the players are there before Amajita play their first match in two weeks' time.But when those three players will arrive is key.Unlike Zambia which is a short flight away from SA South Korea is far with a seven-hour time different between South Africa.Amajita left early so that they can acclimatise to the area.Mahlambi was a shadow of his self in Zambia after he joined the team halfway through the Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations.If the trio were to arrive in Korea late it would be more disastrous as they would have little time to gel with the team especially Mahlambi and Mokoena who haven't played a lot of games with this group."We are very fortunate as a technical team that we are good in profiling these players " Senong said."If they come late we have created a good game model and a style of play that will always allow them to focus on their strengths."Phakamani came and scored an important goal. Phakamani played a huge role in Zambia for us to qualify for the World Cup."We have no doubt that whenever they come we will create a setup whereby they are not under pressure but they can contribute to the whole tactical plan of the team."We won't put them under pressure. We won't expect a lot from them. We will just allow them to enjoy themselves."This is what we are encouraging to all the boys. Go there and enjoy yourselves."