Stuart Baxter says he played no part in SuperSport United's decision to turn down the South African Football Association's (Safa) request to the club to release players to the SA Under-20 side. United have incurred Safa's wrath after refusing to release players to the South Korea-bound SA side that is to participate in the Under-20 World Cup.Seemingly aware of the club vs country minefield he is about to wade into by virtue of being the new Bafana Bafana coach Baxter pleaded for more harmony between clubs and the national association. I didn't say we weren't going to release players because I'm not the one who makes that decision " Baxter said."You're asking the wrong person. I don't like the club vs country scenario."I want it to be a club and country situation. I'm sure the club would love to help but then there's the question of what are the rules and what is the situation here and there."That I can't give you. SuperSport and current Premier Soccer League log leaders Bidvest have enraged Safa over their refusal to release Teboho Mokoena Reeve Frosler and Phakamani Mahlambi for this month's Under-20 World Cup and they could have the book thrown at them. You'd love to have players taking part in World Cups but you also don't want to sacrifice a long hard season."You have to look at the rules have good dialogue and reach some consensus because the most important thing we need in South Africa is co-operation across all levels."If we can have everyone pulling in the same direction South Africa could be a powerhouse in football. That's an issue we need to solve. SuperSport United 4-2 win over Cape Town City at the Lucas Moripe Stadium was not only an exercise in futility but extinguishing any hopes the Capetonians may have had of winning the league.SuperSport were 12 points behind Wits going into the game but showed excellent character to come from a goal down.With his team out of the race Baxter said it can still go either way with Mamelodi Sundowns and Wits having tricky assignments. There are three good teams and three teams in form. We had to play very well to beat this very good team."Gavin Hunt thought we didn't want to beat Wits but we beat them. Fatigue will play a factor alongside injuries and suspensions."The team that plays the simplest game will be a factor because when you play a complicated passing game under pressure that could go wrong Baxter said. It's going to be a good race that I'm going to watch from the sidelines because we've done what we can do. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport