Few players at Bidvest Wits can express their feelings with quite the succinctness nor apt dose of expletives as goalkeeper Moeneeb Josephs. Slimkat might not have played in Wits Absa Premiership-clinching 2-0 win against Polokwane City at Bidvest Stadium on Wednesday night warming the bench for Darren Keet but as usual he had plenty to say on the matter. Stoke City have been amazing Josephs proclaimed responding cheekily to Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane s jibe three weeks ago after a 1-0 defeat to Wits at Bidvest that travelling to the ground was akin to going to play EPL roughneck team Stoke.Josephs s huge warm grin is already famous but after Wits championship win on Tuesday night it was even broader than usual. We ve been building this for four years now. The club has invested a lot in this team and you could see over the years we ve been making progress the former Bafana Bafana goalkeeper said. And to finally win it at Bidvest in front of our wonderful supporters it was great. Stoke City have done amazing things this year. Stoke City have been amazing Josephs beamed. Everybody wrote Stoke off never gave Stoke a chance. And when we lost last week (against Free State Stars) and Sundowns cracked over there (in Pretoria allowing a late equaliser against Baroka) we knew that it was going to be hard for anybody to come to Stoke and win here. We showed our mettle you know. We ve got a good coach he s won this league plenty of times. We ve got good players as well. We don t have individuals but we re a good strong bunch. And it s just amazing to be winning a league with these guys. A lot of youngsters here too so it s good for them as well. Josephs s affection for coach Gavin Hunt a back-breaker on the training ground has always been clear. That s a p s that thing man! Josephs exclaimed guffawing of the coach who joined Gordon Igesund and Ted Dumitru on four league titles with Wits victory.He added: Gavin s unbelievable. If you look at the players we have we don t have superstars we ve got workers. And that s how Gavin builds a team on hard work. He knows how to win tactically he s one of the best in the country. And this just proves again he s one of the best in the country. He s young and he can only grow. We are grateful to him because there are games in this league that he s won us tactically winning games for us ... the p s that he is. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport