Sharks coach Robert du Preez may have one less headache with his Stormers-based son not having to face the twins he coaches at the Sharks because of injury.However the importance of getting one over the Cape Town franchise and making sure they go into the break in a comfortable position is of paramount importance.The Stormers will miss the junior Robert du Preez at flyhalf with a torn pectoral muscle.The Sharks may be a distant second behind the high-flying Lions in the Africa Conference 2 but their 38 points puts the Stormers who lead Africa Conference 1 with 30 points in the shade.Saturday s clash at King s Park will be the last of the South African engagements before the international break and Du Preez wants to go out on a high. It s massively important for us. In the last three games of the campaign it s important that we get some momentum going Du Preez said. I ve also watched a fair few of the Stormers games and I think they ll miss him (Du Prees junior). He s a big loss for them and he has played well. It s difficult to come up against him when he s playing well and against your son but I m very sorry for him. We know what the Stormers are going to bring. They ve got a really good pack of forwards and their scrum is very good. Their driving maul is very good and we know what s coming. If you give them an opportunity they ll play so we have to be very sharp defensively. The Sharks have made a habit of losing games they re supposed to win and vice-versa. While they were deservedly beaten by a fired-up Southern Kings they did well to take five points from the Sunwolves. Du Preez is seemingly accustomed to his side not stringing together two successive performances but they ve not failed to rise to the occasion. Du Preez wants his side to maintain the intensity they showed against the Sunwolves. I ve also wanted to reward the guys who did well for us against the Sunwolves and I need to start to sticking to combinations. The X-factor game though is coming this weekend but against the Sunwolves. There were chances we didn t take but I enjoyed the intent of the guys on attack Du Preez said. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport