Former Springbok flyhalf and Bulls legend Naas Botha doesn't feel that Johann van Graan is ready to become the next Bulls head coach. The son of the Blue Bulls company chief executive Barend has been sounded out as Nollis Marais's replacement and the saviour of the beleaguered franchise. Grief-torn Manchester United summon nerve for final test Van Graan who is currently the Springbok forwards and attack coach cut his junior and senior coaching teeth at the Bulls but has never been a head coach.Under Marais' stewardship the Bulls have had their worst season since their 2002 winless campaign under Heyneke Meyer.They've only won three of their 11 matches and suffered a humiliating 62-24 home defeat to the Crusaders on May 6 a loss that put Marais's job under serious scrutiny. 'Allegations a bid to fire me' The argument has to be on the table who will be the next coach?"Hopefully it will be the best coach. You have to get somebody whose is used to being the head coach. I don't know him (Johann van Graan ) I don't know him at all as the head coach."What I know is that he's been with the Springboks. All I know is that the Bulls are at a crossroads Botha said The crossroad at which they find themselves at means they need to appoint someone who's been there and done that."I don't care who gets appointed but it has to be somebody who will stamp his authority somebody who knows the game into its finer details and maybe played at the highest levels. Botha also pointed a finger at the Bulls' management for allowing the current morass to fester at the union. 'I had to put on Peppa Pig (kiddies cartoon) on for the little one so I could get my wife's attention,' says Whiteley The Bulls last won the Super Rugby tournament in 2010 under Frans Ludeke who pretty much piggybacked on Meyer's work.The Bulls also last won the Currie Cup in 2009 and came close last year before losing to the Cheetahs in Bloemfontein.While Botha said it was fair to blame Marais the Bulls top management have to take responsibility. People appoint people and you need to look at who appoints who."When there's a wrong appointment why is it that it's the appointee who gets all the bad press. Somebody appointed Marais and they need to take responsibility."You can't just shift the blame to certain parts. Everybody has to take the blame in the line of management. We tend to shy away from those who make the appointments and they must shoulder the responsibility Botha said. When a team struggles as badly as the Bulls have you look at the captain and the coach where both are bad."When the team does well it's always a good team and never a good coach and captain."That's how sports works. Marais was appointed and he accepted. There's nothing personal but the Bulls shouldn't be in this situation. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport