Coach Sammy Troughton has urged his Stellenbosch FC players to grab the opportunity of a lifetime as they begin their Premier Soccer League Promotion/Relegation Play-Off campaign at home to Baroka FC on Wednesday.The National First Division side welcome top-flight Baroka to the Athlone Stadium in desperate need of a positive result with difficult away trips to Polokwane and Thohoyandou against Black Leopards to come. I m very happy with where we are Troughton tells Timed Media Digital. It s a huge game. The opportunity of a lifetime for some of these players. We have four cup finals coming up. We finished our preparations today [Tuesday] and while I keep getting asked about our having to travel twice to Limpopo I'm not thinking about anything beyond our home game against Baroka. Stellenbosch played their last league game on May 14 while Baroka were in action in a tense 1-0 win over Ajax Cape Town this past Saturday.Troughton does not feel the extra rest is of benefit to his side though. We had quite a hectic end to our league season with five games in two weeks and we have tried to maintain the momentum with some friendlies. Are they [Baroka] tired? Are we not match sharp? I don t think that really comes into it. Troughton must do without two of his key players as veteran striker Brent Adonis and influential former Orlando Pirates midfielder Manti Mekoa who had been wearing the captain s armband are suspended. That s just part of the game we can t lose sleep over it Troughton says. Manti especially has done very well for us but we have worked on what to do without him and I think I have enough cover. Troughton players in his squad with top-flight experience including veteran Senegalese forward Mame Niang goalkeeper Washington Arubi and former Maritzburg United defender David Booysen. I m not worried about experience I am more concerned with working on the focus of the players to make sure they be brave don t hold back. I don t want them to be coming off after the match at 5pm with regrets. They must believe in their own ability and have respect for their opponents and their teammates."They have a job to do and they must make sure they do it. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport