Burning tyres and rocks were strewn across roads as service delivery protests erupted in Diepkloof Soweto early on Wednesday.The situation was tense and police reinforcements were called to the area as commuters complained about having difficulties getting to work.Johannesburg Metropolitan Police Department (JMPD) spokesman Wayne Minnaar told Times Media that the area was unsafe for motorists.He urged motorists to make use of alternative routes and avoid the area of Chris Hani Road and Immink Drive.Police spokesman Captain Phephi Matlou-Mthetho said police were on the scene and monitoring the situation. No arrests had been made by early morning. It is a service delivery protest. The residents want to deliver a memorandum to one of the councillors during the course of day said Mthetho.Mthetho said that no cars had been stoned although there were unconfirmed reports of vehicles being stoned on social media.Residents and commuters expressed frustration and fear on social media as the protests continued.@jozifm tweeted #Diepkloof has been shut down this morning protestors have barricaded roads with burning tyres &amp; stones demanding houses. Jozi FM on TwitterDiepkloof has been shut down this morning, protestors have barricaded roads with burning tyres &amp; stones demanding houses. #JoziFmNews M.M On Twitter Siphosj said: Be careful out there Diepkloof in Soweto is a no go area car s being stoned and burning of things. #protest mscipho on TwitterBe careful out there Diepkloof in Soweto is a no go area car's being stoned and burning of things...#protest Tndaba tweeted: #DiepkloofProtest: It is said that it s a total shut-down and all exit roads blocked. Travel safe if you trying to go to work or school IG: thulanindaba on TwitterDiepkloofProtest: It is said that, it's a total shut-down and all exit roads blocked. Travel safe if you trying to go to work or school. Malcom BRS tweeted: the situation in Diepkloof right now...very sad. Reoagile Malcolm on Twitter@gwalax the situation in Diepkloof right now...very sad. 