The North West provides the infrastructure the facilities and of course the financial incentive to host the Cosafa Cup Danny Jordaan has said explaining why the competition has returned to the province.The South African Football Association president said the North West government puts up a financial incentive for the Cosafa Cup to be staged there as it will be in June and July for a second time having hosted the tournament in 2015. New Bafana coach Baxter appeals to the nation to put aside differences and get behind the national team Yes the government supports both in material sense and financial sense Jordaan said adding that the tournament has also had the backing of the mining-wealthy Royal Bafokeng nation. Yes both the government and the Royal Bafokeng people have always welcomed the Cosafa competition. And I think it is better in building a brand to take it to an uncompetitive environment. It is better than bringing it to Johannesburg where it will have to compete with so many other football tournaments even in the off-season. It is better that you proceed in an uncontested area until this brand of the Cosafa Cup is so established that you can take it somewhere else. Holders Bafana Bafana will get a chance to defend their title at home after winning the event in style in Namibia last year. Arsene Wenger urges Arsenal fans to ignore boycott call Jordaan said the North West had proved outstanding in providing facilities for the tournament and that the brand of the Cosafa Cup had been built in the province. I think it s good for both football and for building the brand of the Cosafa Cup to establish it in one location to have certainty around the quality of the infrastructure and facilities and the quality of the pitch. And you know that a good quality of football will be produced. As in 2015 the host venues for the Cosafa Cup are set to be Moruleng Stadium about 60 kilometres north of Rustenburg and Rustenburg s Royal Bafokeng Sports Palace. Rantie's wonder goal in Turkey headlines weekend for overseas-based SA stars Bafana Bafana have been drawn in the quarterfinals against the winners of Group A (Angola Tanzania Mauritius and Malawi). - TMG Digital/TMG Sport