Cosatu s founding general secretary political and social activist Jay Naidoo believes that the ANC has lost its moral compass.At the launch of his book Change Organising Tomorrow Today in Durban on Sunday Naidoo said people were angry that the ANC was increasingly being used as a business opportunity for people getting into public office and themselves benefiting from that position of power. To have a situation where the leadership is acting so unethical and contrary to what the previous generation of leaders represented. Many of the stalwarts have stood up to challenge the current leadership. This is not the ANC I recognise or the ANC I was part of that we would have given our lives for and fought for. Unfortunately today it is seen as a party for accumulating wealth in the hands of those in power. If the ANC does not change to go back to its original principles of serving our people then it does not deserve to be in power said Naidoo.He said there have been widespread calls for President Jacob Zuma to step down because of conflict of interest he is perceived to be part of. That call reflects the feeling of the vast majority of people. If the president steps down today will we have all our problems solved as the people of the country? I think the challenge we have is the system has become so corrupt that it will take much more than the president stepping down to solve the corruption in our country said Naidoo.His message in the book is that significant action must be taken immediately if they want future generations to live in a world that is taken for granted today.Naidoo harnesses his experience as a labour union organiser government minister social entrepreneur and global thought leader and explores ways of solving some of the world s biggest problems. Drawing from his experiences in South Africa Nigeria Brazil Bangladesh and other countries he presents a variety of options for ending poverty and global warming with a focus on organising in our communities and building change from below and beyond borders. We must organise from below. If we want to organise tomorrow then we have to start today. The next generation has legitimate demands. There s a crisis of governance and leadership in our country and my message to the next generation is to find their voice its agency and its struggle he said.He said there was a huge trust deficit between people in power within government corporate trade unions and civil society and the growing discontent of young people coming through the ranks. The crisis we have in terms of governance in our country and political leadership is not just unique to South Africa. Around the world people do not trust people in government. People see that people who want to go into politics particularly to hold positions of power in government as a business opportunity for themselves their families and their cronies in the political and economic elite rather than serving society. Young people are extremely angry. For me the robber barons of today are no different from the robber barons of yesterday. This is the sense of frustration that is growing in our country about corruption about the role of predatory elites that capture our state resources to feed themselves. While we have made progress people have legitimate grievances about what our government is doing what the corporate sector is doing and what trade unions are doing. We now want all the leaders in all these sectors to talk about the needs of our people rather than see these organisations as a conveyor belt to business opportunities said Naidoo.Naidoo said trade unions and the ANC need to go to basics and go back to factory floors. If an organisation fails to deliver they should no longer exist he said. - TMG Digital 