Pitso Mosimane's diagnosis on Mamelodi Sundowns slow start in the CAF Champions League that they have forgotten they are the tournament s holders applies to their inconsistent domestic league campaign. The Brazilians have lost their bullish swagger that saw them demolish everything in their path to win the Absa Premiership in record style last season.A hectic schedule and not wearing their ruthless streak has taken the sting out of the Brazilians which has seen them hand the advantage to Bidvest Wits in the race for the coveted trophy. Flop weekend puts exhausted SA sides on immediate back foot in African club competition The Clever Boys are two points ahead going into their last two games against Polokwane City and Kaizer Chiefs. The Brazilians' remaining matches are against Maritzburg United and Highlands Park.Sundowns can t afford any more slip-ups like they did in the 2-2 draws with Platinum Stars and Baroka FC at Lucas Moripe Stadium.But it won t be easy with two tricky encounters against a rejuvenated Team of Choice that is fighting for the top eight and the Lions of the North who are fighting for their lives. Dan Malesela returns to Chilli Boyz On Wednesday the Brazilians will take on a Team of Choice that s reborn under interim coach Fadlu Davids. I think that he (Davids) has done well Mosimane said. He won three games in a row (the first time that has happened in the club s history) and won the Coach of the Month for April."They played well against Wits. It s not a team that you can just walk all over."But at this point in time which team is easy?"Look at Highlands and how they fought against Chippa (United)."You never know what will happen. The results will surprise you."We should buckle up and watch this thing. It will end well. Inside FNB Stadium: How the 2010 World Cup final venue remains profitable (PHOTOS) For things to end well for Sundowns Wits have to slip-up as the Clever Boys are in the driver s seat.The Milpark-based club dropped points in the loss to Free State Stars.Instead of making up the lost ground Sundowns conspired to draw with Baroka FC to return the advantage back to the Clever Boys.Having failed to win in Atteridgeville in their last three games Mosimane and his charges know what they have to do against the Team of Choice. It s a must win he said. You don t win that one forget (about the league)."If you don t win then you will hope that others don t win."We must win so that we don t have to focus on what others must do."Maybe we will be sharper and quicker upfront."We lacked teeth and venom against Saint George (in the Champions League). Nothing! - TMG Digital/TMG Sport