It should not take Kjell Jonevret to tell Orlando Pirates that they need an introspection after a season as dire as that of 2016-17 - it should be blindingly obvious.The Bucs' third coach this season says even if Pirates manage to win the Nedbank Cup and earn some form of redemption there are things that have to change at the club.The Buccaneers meet Lamontville Golden Arrows at Princess Magogo Stadium on Sunday afternoon in the Nedbank Cup semifinals - their last chance at silverware in a season where Pirates are now almost certain to finish outside the top eight in the league for the first time since the formation of the Premier Soccer League in 1996.Apart from declaring a few times since his arrival in February that Pirates need players in key positions especially in their defence Jonevret has also dropped hints that off-field issues also need to be addressed."I've tried and we've worked really hard out there. But I have to admit I thought it would be - not easier - but it has been a little more outside the field and around the locker room " he said this week."More work there than I have expected maybe."Asked if there had been discussions with management yet on matters such as putting players on transfer or the approach going forward Jovnevret replied: "We haven't sat down and talked about it so much with the administration yet."I don't really know the philosophy yet of the office. I think we should play these remaining games and play on Sunday - because I think we will know a lot more by Monday."And focus on these games and not talk too much yet about next season. But we're going to do that pretty soon.Later he added: "But I think the club has to sit down now. I think this is not the first season that the results have gone down a bit."I think it's important that the coaches and the organisation in the club we sit down and discuss what has been wrong for the last two or three seasons."Because it's not too late to do something about it. ... There are things in the club at Rand Stadium (Bucs' training ground) that we can do better."As a new coach when you come in here you see things directly - good things and things that you maybe want to change."And then you have to sit down and discuss this. Is this possible to change this or should we continue this. It's small things. But I think it's important now that the club sit down after this season and do an introspection."On Sunday though introspection should be far from Pirates' minds with the more immediate aim of a rescue operation in the Nedbank of their 80th anniversary season uppermost."The results haven't been as everyone had expected maybe. But we have a chance to do something in the cup " Jonevret said."We know it's going to be a tough one but at the same time it's a chance for us."We have energy and we can play a good game in Durban. It should be fun." - TMG Digital/TMG Sport