Deputy Minister of Correctional Services Thabang Makwetla is lucky to be alive following an eight-hour hijacking ordeal.Makwetla's life and those of two hospital security guards were spared after he was hijacked, robbed and then dumped in the bushes in North West.His spokesman Ntime Skhosana said Makwetla was visiting renowned poet and writer Wally Serote at the Life Riverfield Lodge, a hospital near Lanseria, on Sunday night, when four armed men pounced."There was a car that was tailing him. On arrival at the hospital at about 7.30pm, he had to wait for security guards to open the boom gate for him."The four balaclava-clad men with guns then attacked and held him and security guards at gunpoint."The deputy minister and two guards were then forced into the back of his (Makwetla) car and the thugs drove off with them," Skhosana said.Makwetla was driving his personal car, a blue Range Rover, and was not in the company of the protection unit at the time.The ordeal lasted for about eight hours from Johannesburg to North West. Skhosana said after a short drive in the area, the suspects went to an ATM to withdraw money."They asked him for his [bank] pin to withdraw money. They withdrew an undisclosed amount from his account."Thereafter, they drove to a nearby settlement where they changed cars."They took him and the security guards from his car into their own car. They drove for quite a long distance into the bushy areas in Madidi [in North West] where they were dumped," Skhosana said.He said the trio were assisted by a passerby who helped them contact the police. The police came to their aid at about 3am yesterday.Deputy national police commissioner Lieutenant-General Fannie Masemola told Sowetan last night that a case of hijacking was being investigated."Their belongings were taken. We cannot say how much was withdrawn because that will form part of our investigations. "The suspects wore balaclavas so it will not be easy to identify them. However, the community can be on the lookout for the Range Rover," Masemola said.The items stolen, including Makwetla's cellphone, had not been recovered by last night.Skhosana said though Makwetla was shaken by the incident, he was left unharmed and was lucky to be alive."He will resume normal duties tomorrow [today]," Skhosana said.Meanwhile, South African on social media have been calling for the return of former national police commissioner Bheki Cele who was sacked in June 2012.A social media campaign has been launched and is seemingly gaining momentum in the wake of what they said was a "spike in crime".On January 25, EFF leader Julius Malema wrote on Twitter: "We must do something about crime in this country, in PTA (Pretoria) criminals are known but nothing happens, instead they r celebrated. We need #Cele."The tweet was retweeted 370 time and there were 526 likes ans 123 responses.Mlungisi Oros Nkosi wrote on Facebook: "Dear Mbaks... Us as a country have decided, we forgive BhekiCele #BringBackBhekiCele."Zee Sgv said: "We need General Bhekokwakhe Hamilton Cele and Amabetere back to stop these killings. This is too much #BringBackBhekiCele."