You can't have your cake and eat it Sharks coach Robert du Preez reasoned as his team chalked up another Super Rugby win without a bonus point.Du Preez's team on Saturday recorded their seventh win of the campaign when they downed the Western Force 37-12 in Durban to stay in contention for a play-off spot.The confectionary creations his team has conjured this season are yet to be topped off with the cherry of a try scoring bonus point but Du Preez's appetite is driven by the need for sustenance."We are very happy with the win and four points. It is disappointing that we didn't get the bonus point " he said.He needs no reminding however that the draw for the play-offs could severely impact the Sharks' prospects of progressing in the tournament if they rank among the bottom placed qualifiers."It is difficult to predict. It is always good to have bonus points. I don't think we've had a bonus point thus far but we are happy to keep on winning."The scoreline has a resounding look to it but Du Preez acknowledged that his charges were never in a position to feast against a Force team that has proved adept at living off crumbs."There were too many opportunities out there that we didn't take " sighed Du Preez."At times we played really good rugby but our patience let us down on attack. In defence I thought our discipline was excellent. I'm not happy with our conversion rate."The Force are a very difficult side to play against. You really have to work hard for your tries and out-work them."Indeed the Force were again a tough nut to crack and it was only after the visitors were reduced to 14 men that the Sharks were able to pull away.To his credit Force coach Dave Wessels didn't dwell on the yellow card that saw his team concede 14 points while they were a man down just before the break.They had held a one-point lead but centre Curtis Rona's temporary banishment cost the Force dearly."We made too many errors across the board not just the yellow card."Also our work around the contact point. The Sharks have big physical forwards and we never dented the line at all. Not having guys like Dane Haylett-Petty and Ben McCalman with us it does provide a challenge."We weren't patient for our opportunities. The message at halftime was to hold on to the ball because we were trying to flick it out of contact when we haven't actually earned the right to do that. It was pretty frustrating."We gave the ball to them either 23 or 24 times through handling errors or at set piece. At this level you cannot do that."They really scored their tries from our errors " lamented Wessels.The Sharks' next challenge is against the Kings in Port Elizabeth this weekend and despite losing only two matches this season they are not taking their immediate challengers lightly.Said Du Preez: "There is definitely no complacency. The Kings will be tough. The Kings are already talking it up. We'll be ready." - TMG Digital/TMG Sport