Dillyn Leyds is set to start at flyhalf in Super Rugby for the first time when the Stormers meet the Blues at Newlands on Friday.Long-term injuries to the Stormers' three first-choice flyhalves Jean-Luc du Plessis Rob du Preez and Kurt Coleman have left coach Robbie Fleck pondering his options on the back of a four-match losing streak.But the coach seems intent on using Leyds at 10 a position he filled on tour when Du Preez and Coleman were injured during games.The in-form wing has played junior rugby at flyhalf but this will be a tough test of his ability to control a match We have Dillyn and we have recalled Brandon Thomson from the Western Province side and we also have Joe Pietersen available to us Fleck said. Damian Willemse is with the Junior Boks but will be available for the last three games while Jean-Luc du Plessis should be on the field in two to three weeks. Dillyn has done the job on tour and we will look to play him there this weekend. It s not easy going into a game with a makeshift 10 but Dillyn has been running the plays on tour and knows our patterns and systems best so in that sense it s okay. Joe also has that knowledge having trained with us all season. Thommo (Thomson) was in Glasgow for the last few months but he has played two Supersport Challenge games and he has played for us in the past but Dillyn brings unique skills to the role at 10. Fleck also revealed that Bok centres Damian de Allende and Juan de Jongh were fit and available for selection after overcoming long-term injuries while wing Seabelo Senatla has also fully recovered from an ankle injury and is set for another start.If Leyds moves to flyhalf Senatla is a natural fit on the left wing as a replacement. It s not an easy selection this week because of the injuries we ve had but we have Damian de Allende Juan de Jongh and Seabelo back in the mix and available for selection. Fleck said. Some guys have been performing well and we aren t just going to select players because of their name. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport