Gauteng community safety MEC Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane says information from a team of "informers" who are working with police has helped in the arrests of men linked to the deaths of women whose bodies were found in Soweto over the weekend.Nkosi-Malobane said the same "informers" assisted police in the arrests of men who were raping women in taxis recently."We have put together activists, people who are streetwise, who understand exactly what is happening on the ground. They are now helping them [team of detectives] as informers," she said yesterday during a media briefing."Through that team of informers working with crime intelligence, we have managed to arrest most people and we hope more arrests will be made and this thing will be stopped."The bodies of Lerato Moloi, Bongeka Phungula, Popi Qwabe and an unidentified woman were found in Soweto over the weekend. This comes after the body of Karabo Mokoena was discovered in Bramley, Johannesburg, recently.And this has sparked an outrage over women killings in the country. Nkosi-Malobane said the only person not arrested was the one who killed an unidentified woman whose body was found in Mofolo.She said it was sad that most of the women were killed by people they knew and trusted. Mokoena's boyfriend is in jail and is accused of killing her.The MEC confirmed yesterday that the two men who allegedly killed Moloi were her friends who she went out drinking with on the night of her death, and that Qwabe and Phungula were also allegedly killed by people they knew."I'm also confident that we will make arrests in cases where we have not made arrests. I've said before, I'm not waiting for women to be raped or killed in this province for us to arrest perpetrators.". we need to create an environment where women and girls feel safe. I don't feel safe myself ... I'm not sure whether my daughter is safe. Guys, I want to trust you; I want to trust every man in this country and in this province and unfortunately at the moment there is no trust between us and men."Nkosi-Malobane also called on men to be at the forefront of fighting abuse against women.