Curwin Bosch will have the chance to emulate Handr Pollard by guiding the Junior Springboks to the world championship title after he was named in the squad for the annual showpiece yesterday.Bosch is one of eight players in the 28-man squad that did duty at last year s Junior World Championships in England.The tournament takes place in Tbilisi Georgia in June. The Junior Boks haven t won the title since Pollard s genius at flyhalf steered the team to the world title on home soil five years ago. Just about every side that has won the under-20 version of the world title has included the dominant flyhalf of the season from Pollard in 2012 to England s Harry Mallinder in 2016 and New Zealand s Aaron Cruden in 2009 and Beauden Barrett in 2011. Bosch s inclusion means that he won t feature for the senior Springboks against France despite being the form SA flyhalf in Super Rugby this season. Injuries to players such as Elton Jantjies and Pat Lambie could lead to a Bosch Bok call-up but that scenario is unlikely. Stormers fringe player Damian Willemse himself an outrageously talented flyhalf and Kings wing Yaw Penxe are the other Super Rugby players in the squad. Blitzbok internationals Stedman Gans and Zain Davids have also been included in the squad captained by lock Ernst van Rhyn. Coach Chean Roux s squad also includes six players who represented the SA Schools team last season in the U19 International Series Salmaan Moerat who captained the team Gianni Lombard Rewan Kruger Wandisile Simelane Willemse and Daniel Jooste. Van Rhyn Bosch Kwenzo Blose Carl Sadie Davids Gans Manie Libbok and Embrose Papier were all members of the Junior Springbok team that finished fourth in the World Rugby U20 Championship in Manchester in 2016. Van Rhyn was the SA U20 vice-captain last season and the SA Schools captain in 2015 while Johan Grobbelaar has been named the vice-captain. We are pleased with the quality of the players in our squad and we believe the team has the potential to go all the way in the competition said Roux. We had to make a number of tough calls to narrow down the group to 28 players but we are confident that we have selected a squad worthy of competing against the best teams in the world in Georgia. A number of the players have experienced international age-group rugby either in the World Rugby U20 Championship or the U19 International Series while others have been exposed to International Sevens and Vodacom Super Rugby which will be invaluable in Georgia. Commenting on the selection of the captain Roux spoke highly of Van Rhyn and said: Ernst is a hard worker on the field and has proved his worth as a leader in the last few seasons at the SA Schools team and the SA U20s last year. A captain has to lead by example and ensure that there is cohesion in the team at all times and these qualities will be vital in guiding us through the competition. Looking at the tournament in Georgia Roux expected his team to be tested thoroughly but he was pleased with their preparation up to now. We face France Georgia and Argentina in the pool stages so we have to be in top form from the outset to stay in a strong position to stake a claim for the trophy said Roux. That said we have been working very hard at training in the last two months to prepare both physically and mentally for what we can expect in Tbilisi and we hope that this will pay off. The important thing now will be to maintain the high intensity of our training sessions and to keep sharp before we depart for Georgia. The Junior Springboks will face France Georgia and Argentina in the pool stages of the international spectacle in Tbilisi which runs from 31 May to 18 June.The team will depart for Georgia on Thursday 25 May. Junior Springboks squad: Juarno Augustus Kwenzo Blose Curwin Bosch David Brits Jean-Luc Cilliers Zain Davids Francois de Villiers Stedman Gans Johan Grobbelaar (vice-captain) Wikus Groenewald Daniel Jooste Rewan Kruger Manie Libbok Gianni Lombard Len Massyn Lee-Marvin Mazibuko Salmaan Moerat Reinhard Nothnagel Embrose Papier Yaw Penxe Carlu Sadie Wandisile Simelane Hendre Stassen Gerhard Steenekamp Ruben van Heerden Damian Willemse Nama Xaba Ernst van Rhyn (captain) - TMG Digital/TMG Sport