Pitso Mosimane will not spend sleepless nights wondering if he ll be sacked should Mamelodi Sundowns fail to defend their Absa premiership title this season.Mosimane is well aware that the title race is no longer in Sundowns hands and they will need favours from other clubs in their three remaining games this season if the champions are to pip leaders BidVest Wits to the post in three weeks time.But unlike most coaches in the PSL who live in fear of getting the sack Mosimane remains unfazed and prefers to look at the bigger picture. I can t speak on behalf of Sundowns (management) and how they feel about me the Sundowns coach said. And I cannot worry about looking over my shoulder because once you do that as a coach you are in trouble because all the coaches are on edge. Remember? Everybody is on edge and you never know what is going to happen to you you know? While the coaches who failed to meet the mandates they were given by their bosses at the start on the campaign last year would be advised to refresh their CVs after the curtain comes down on the domestic season on May 27 Mosimane is not likely to be in the same boat even Sundowns walk away empty handed.Mosimane is after all the reigning Caf coach of the year and he led Sundowns to the African Champions League in October last year and the Super Cup once-off match contested by the continental champions and the Caf Confederations Cup winners in February.The Sundowns coach said he would rather concentrate his energies on defending the two continental titles than obsess over whether his failure to win domestic competitions this season could lead to his sacking. Maybe domestically we will not win anything if we do not win the league but rather than win the PSL and the Nedbank Cup and then say I ve won the double I d rather win the Champions League and the Super Cup. I will be happy. So for me domestically maybe we might not get anything but playing internationally and going to the Club World Cup in December that s big for me that is history for Sundowns. History..... So I would not worry that much and keep looking over my shoulder. The (management) team is there to assess my performance. I will do the best I can. I take inspiration from big coaches like Pep Guardiola. He might not win anything (with Manchester City in England) but he is Pep Guardiola remember?"Sundowns are now left with three games to defend their league title against Baroka FC at Lucas Moripe Stadium on May 10 against Maritzburg United at Loftus Versveld on May 17 and Highland Parks at Makhulong on May 27.But that is half the picture and even if they win all three games they will need Wits to either lose or draw in their three remaining games against Free State Stars Polokwane City and Kaizer Chiefs. TMG Digital/TMG Sport