The Springboks launched a sleek new jersey design on Wednesday that would be worth 10 points if they were awarded for elegance.The launch of the iconic jersey is the culmination of several months of hard work by scientists at the ASICS Institute of Sport Science in Kobe Japan in collaboration with the SA Rugby and the Springboks. The Springboks will wear the new-look jersey for the first time during the incoming series against France next month and supporters will be able to get their hands on it from 1 June. The jersey represents a traditional look and feel with a modern touch.The green chest and back area has a scattering of mini springboks spread across the surface for added detail and the gold collar adds a touch of class to round off a classic rugby jersey. The match jerseys feature a tight fit with minimum underarm seams for maximum comfort as well as a traditional rugby collar with modern quick release snap closure.The body and neckline seams have reinforced taped constructions for optimum strength when it comes to how the jersey stretches and snaps back to its original position. The new jersey by ASICS is at the forefront of cutting-edge technology and offers the team an added advantage by playing in their most technologically advanced jersey yet said SA Rugby CEO Jurie Roux. On top of that it is going to be great to see the Springbok supporters getting behind the team in their new jersey during the season. It is a meticulously designed and engineered jersey to give the Springboks the blend of comfort and performance to give them the edge on the field."Every detail is designed to benefit the wearer s performance. Springbok prop and ASICS ambassador Tendai Beast Mtawarira said: The new jersey looks amazing and I can t wait to play in it. It looks simple yet stylish and with the tight fit and grippers it is technically brilliant as well. Brian Kerby General Manager of ASICS South Africa said they are excited to reveal the new jersey to Springbok supporters. At ASICS we are committed to not only providing the players with the best technical apparel and footwear products but also to give supporters a jersey that they can be proud of and get behind the team said Kerby. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport