Parents and community members are demanding the removal of a KwaZulu-Natal school principal who has been accused of impregnating schoolgirls.A number of residents together with ward councillors marched to the school in rural Ndwedwe yesterday where they handed a memorandum to the circuit manager, CM Madikizela, demanding the principal's removal.The principal was said to be away attending a meeting in KwaDukuza at the time.According to the memorandum, the principal was employing unqualified teachers and his girlfriends to work as temporary teachers, allegedly abusing school funds and having "love" relationships with schoolgirls, resulting in two girls falling pregnant.The community said they were concerned about the poor management of the school and the high matric failure rate."A few of them who passed matric had not achieved good symbols. The parents have never received a detailed financial expenditure report," reads the memorandum.Resident Thobile Mkhize said: "I have younger sisters who will be coming to the school soon. This could happen to them. I don't feel they are safe."Alex Ngcobo, a father of two children at the school, said: "The principal must go."ANC ward secretary Vusumuzi Mzobe weighed in and said the principal was failing the community."We have sent letters to the district office and the MEC for education calling for his removal from the school."Ward councillor Mshinishwa Ngidi said he received a call from a parent who claimed the principal impregnated her daughter."The 17-year-old is no longer at school. We want the department to take action within seven days and have him removed," said Ngidi.A Grade 9 pupil said she did not feel safe. "We heard that the principal is sleeping with young girls."However, a Grade 10 pupil believed the principal was innocent. "He is like a father to me. He did not rape the girls. They were in a relationship and the girls agreed to sleep with him. It is illegal but what is done is done. Our principal is going nowhere."There are some girls who parade for the teachers because they want something," she said.