Have you ever wondered whether President Jacob Zuma is due for more upgrades at his Nkandla home? Or whether he will divulge details of the so-called intelligence report that resulted in the sacking of former Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan.Well all we can do is continue to wonder because the president will probably not be answering these questions in parliament.On Tuesday morning the presidency released the written replies that Zuma will provide to the questions that he is expected to answer in parliament.The questions that will not receive concrete answers are mainly from the DA and one question by EFF leader Julius Malema. One question from DA leader Mmusi Maimane is on the deployment of the National Defence Force at the State of the Nation Address in February. The president s answer is concise: The Court must be given an opportunity to deal with the matter . 'If President Zuma's choice is Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma, our choice is Ramaphosa' - SACP Below are the questions:Q: The Leader of the Opposition (DA) Mmusi Maimane asks: What were the reasons for employing the SA National Defence Force to assist the SA Police Service with maintaining law and order in and around the Parliamentary precinct on the occasion of the State of the Nation Address on 9 February 2017? A: The Honourable Member will recall that the DA approached the Cape Town High Court on this matter. I am therefore not in a position to comment further on it. The Court must be given an opportunity to deal with the matter.Q: The Leader of the Opposition (DA) Mmusi Maimane asks: Did he pay Fringe Benefits Tax on the non-security related upgrades at his private homestead in Nkandla; if not why not; if so (a) on what date did he pay the specified taxes and (b) how much tax did he pay? A: The issue of Tax is a confidential matter between the South African Revenue Services and the Tax payer. Q: Shadow Minister of Finance David Maynier (DA) asks: With reference to the official statement titled Finance Investment Roadshow issued by The Presidency on 27 March 2017 what are the detailed reasons that he cancelled the National Treasury s non-deal international investor roadshow headed by the Minister of Finance Mr P J Gordhan which was scheduled to take place between 27 March 2017 and 31 March 2017? A. There are two separate cases currently pending in the Gauteng High Court and the Constitutional Court respectively. The issues to be considered by the Courts amongst others relate to Mr Gordhan in his capacity as the former Minister of Finance. It will therefore be inappropriate to comment on the question asked while these matters are before the Courts. Q: EFF Leader Julius S Malema asks: (1) Whether he is aware of any (a) renovations (b) security upgrades and/or (c) infrastructure-related works that are being carried out at his private residence in Nkandla by the relevant government departments; if not (2) whether he inquired from the relevant Minister after it was revealed in the Sunday papers that such work was being undertaken; if not what is the position in this regard; if so (3) whether he agreed with the relevant Minister(s) that the work is undertaken? A: No Please refer to the attached media statement that was issued by the Ministry of Public Works on 23 April 2017.Q: Shadow Minister of Finance David Maynier (DA) asks: Whether an intelligence report played any role in informing his decision to reshuffle the Cabinet on 31 March 2017; if not what is the position in this regard; if so what are the relevant detailsA: The status of the so-called intelligence report is a subject of litigation in Court proceedings in which the Democratic Alliance is a party. I therefore cannot comment on the matter. -TMG Digital 