Male medical doctors who had been to initiation schools are wanted in the KwaNdebele region of Mpumalanga.The province and traditional authorities stressed yesterday that while they desperately needed to ensure zero deaths at initiation schools, they would not engage services of doctors who have not undergone the rite of passage to manhood.Speaking at a press briefing in KwaMhlanga, MEC for heath Gillion Mashego decried the fact that there was "very limited" pool of doctors eligible for deployment in initiation schools."We've got so many doctors and professional male nurses in the province. But the problem is that we want only those who have got a certificate to get into the schools," Mashego said. "We're very limited. But we think that the team that we have will be able to rise to the challenge."We don't want to expose culture to every Tom, Dick and Harry," added Mashego.There are only 22 doctors working with traditional surgeons caring for 32000 charges in initiation schools across KwaNdebele.There are also 22 male nurses, 16 paramedics and 14 ambulance operators on standby. All these health practitioners are men who had undergone initiation.Already, four initiates have lost their lives in this initiation season, which started over a week ago. The 2013 season claimed 31 lives.Musa Thugwana, chairman of the Ingoma Forum (a group of male medical practitioners assisting at initiation schools), expressed the wish for more doctors to be roped in."We appeal to those doctors that have not gone through the rite of passage [to undergo it]," he said.On a lighter note, Thugwana said: "It's easy man, only two months [of initiation]."You get the certificate, then you're qualified ... so that we add the numbers. It's unlike the six years of training [to become a doctor]."Officials said parents had a huge role to play to ensure their children return home alive. "All parents should ensure they take their boys for pre-screening [before bringing them to initiation]," said Mashego."Make sure to take the child to clinic or doctor. If the child has complications, the doctor will prescribe medication."Meanwhile, traditional authorities are continuing to shut down illegal schools they uncover, said Chief Lameck Mokoena, chairman of the House of Traditional Leaders in Mpumalanga."This year, as Mpumalanga we wanted zero deaths. But unfortunately the unfortunate thing has happened."If we discover that some of the deaths were due to negligence, we're not going to smile. We'll make sure that the law takes its course," he said.