Eric Tinkler hopes to spark his Cape Town City side back into life and reignite their fading Absa Premiership title hopes when they host Free State Stars at the Cape Town Stadium on Friday night.A 1-0 loss to Maritzburg United on Monday leaves City two points behind leaders BidVest Wits but having played a game more and with only four matches remaining.That could be extended to a deficit of five points if Wits win at home to Orlando Pirates on Thursday night.Most galling for Tinkler in Monday s loss was the performance of his team which was well below the standards they have set this season. Another similar limp display against Stars could end their championship hopes altogether."There's so much that can happen and there are four games left and we re just going to focus on the extra one now and try and get the result against Free State Stars Tinkler said."What is important is that we need to bounce back and bring the guys back to earth and hopefully we see a better performance in the next game. Tinkler says there were no real positives to take from the Maritzburg loss."Tactically we were poor decision making we were poor and I don't think it was Maritzburg putting us under pressure. I don't think Maritzburg s shape was good no. We just didn't show up."It was far from pretty and there are no excuses and we were just not good enough. We didn't put in a performance that we should have. We've been very good the whole year and this is obviously our first loss this year but I can't really point the finger at one person. Stars are also coming off a disappointing display following their 2-1 home loss to Polokwane City on Saturday that leaves them only outside of the relegation play-off position on goal-difference.They are now winless in their last five matches four of which have ended in defeat and it is certainly panic stations for coach Serame Letsoaka.With fixtures against title chasers City and Wits to come and fellow relegation strugglers Bloemfontein Celtic and Chippa United there will be no easy ride for them. The league is getting tougher and tougher. Our next opponents are Cape Town City and they want to win the league Letsoaka said. Wits as well wants to win the league. You then have Celtic and Chippa who want to avoid relegation. No game is easy and no game is better than the other one. They are equally important. City will be without stalwart centre-back Tshepo Gumede who is suspended.Stars won the reverse fixture 1-0 just before Christmas a match that left Tinkler incensed at the officiating but City had earlier won 4-1 at home in the Telkom Knockout in what was typically classy attacking display from them. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport