The Blitzboks didn t finish a triumphant season with a tournament win but in the greater scheme of things a fifth place finish at the London leg of the HSBC World Sevens Series was academic.The overall title was wrapped up in Paris a week earlier and had the Blitzboks not run into some dubious officiating against England in the London quarterfinal they could have celebrated their sixth tournament win of the season. Blitzbokke meet with Tom Cruise after world series triumph Werner Kok received the most ridiculous yellow card for an alleged dangerous tackle with the Blitzboks leading 12-5 in their quarterfinal against England.While he was off England levelled and then won the match with a try after the hooter. It didn t alter the outcome of the World Series so it s easy to shrug the appalling decision off. Bulls throw highly-rated Maxwane into the Lions den But had the World Series title still been on the line such rank officiating might have had serious ramifications. The officials also failed to notice New Zealand had eight players on the field in their quarterfinal against eventual tournament winners Scotland.It s the second time in two years NZ have had eight men on the field in a crucial match. The last time they weren t sanctioned and World Rugby needs to take serious action now. Despite some poor officiating it was a wonderful series with Scotland winners in London for a second time and Singapore winners Canada proving to be great new threats in the game of sevens while NZ have fallen backwards. No coronation for Blitzboks in London The Blitzboks were never at their best in London labouring through their Pool with wins over Kenya and Wales and a loss to the USA. But there was no denying the undisputed kings over the season.The Blitzboks made eight finals and won five of them winning the overall title on 192 points 28 clear of England. It was the most dominant campaign since NZ s 2007/08 win. Captain Philip Snyman dedicated the win to South Africa and all Blitzboks fans saying the support throughout the season gave them much needed inspiration. "We are proudly South Africans today and very proud champions Snyman said. This one is for the country and for all our fans especially those who watched us or listened to us play either late at night or early in the morning when we were playing all over the world. We received massive support even when things did not go as planned. This was a huge effort and I am a very proud South African and Springbok Sevens player tonight " the winning captain said. For Snyman it felt like yesterday when they started the season in Dubai. "It is hard to believe it is the end of the season already. It was a great season for us. To play in eight finals and win five is something we are very proud of." Snyman also thanked the management and other squad members not in London. "They kept us on the field and fit and that was no easy job. Lots of thanks also to our sponsors Steinhoff International and Asics and all the other that helped us perform. The final top five standings of the 2016/17 standings are: 1. South Africa 192 2. England 164 3. Fiji 150 4. New Zealand 1375. USA 129 - TMG Digital/TMG Sport 