Phumlani Ntshangase and Phakamani Mahlambi left the pitch at Goble Park in tears on Wednesday last week after losing 3-1 to Free Sate Stars.But by the time Bidvest Wits left Bethlehem the youngsters were smiling again. Their smiles came from the belief that they are destined to be Absa Premiership champions for the first time in their lives and the club s history.That was after they heard the news that Mamelodi Sundowns had dropped two vital points by playing to a 2-2 draw with Baroka FC conceding an injury-time penalty. Limping Pirates on course to finishing with the most draws in the PSL this season That loss hurt us a lot Ntshangase said. We were emotional not just because we had lost but because we knew the feeling of losing the league at this time. It happened to us last season. We weren t hurt just for the club and the fans but also for ourselves because winning the league is our dream. We thought that we had lost it because we knew that there was no way Sundowns wouldn t beat Baroka especially at this stage. Losing this league would hurt a lot for Ntshangase because the dynamic central midfielder has been a part of the team transforming in the past three seasons from a mid-table side to league contenders who even play consistently in the Caf Champions League. 'I think football is not always fair,' says increasingly pressured Pirates coach Jonevret The Clever Boys are guaranteed to return to the Champions League next year as they will finish in the top two. But they don t just want to finish in the top two. They want to finish first and win the league. That loss was a wake-up call for us Ntshangase said. We almost lost something that was in our hands. What hurt the most from that loss is that we knew that we struggle in Bethlehem but there was a belief that we could change things around that day. It didn t happen and thankfully Sundowns didn t win which means it s still in our hands. When we left Bethlehem there was a strong belief that this is the season we will win the league. We will make sure that we don t lose to Polokwane City and Kaizer Chiefs. Rise and Shine are Wits opponents at Bidvest Stadium on Wednesday. The Brazilians will be hosting Maritzburg United at the same time. Da Gama, Senong could lose out as new man comes in The stars have been aligned for us to get this trophy all we have to do is fight hard and show that we want it Ntshangase said. There is no point in just saying we want the league. We have to show that we want it by leaving it all on the field. We know that we are this close to a moment that will change our lives. It s all in our hands. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport