Ramahlwe Mphahlele arrived at Kaizer Chiefs as their headline signing of 2016-17 and has not disappointed establishing himself as the best right-back in the Absa Premiership this season and one of four players carrying Amakhosi.Mphahlele the defender whose captaincy of a galaxy of stars at Mamelodi Sundowns to the PSL title in 2015-16 served notice of his intelligence and leadership capabilities was lured to Naturena by a more respectable pay package in the preseason.It was surprising that Downs let the player go and a move to Chiefs trophyless that season seemed a risky career move for Mphahlele.Sundowns have gone on to be Caf Champions League winners and competed at the 2016 Fifa Club World Cup while Chiefs trophy woes have continued.Mphahlele s personal winning mentality though has not suffered.He is one of four players who have stood out as models of consistency at an Amakhosi who have managed an unbeaten 12-match unbeaten run this season but capitulated in crucial games.The right-back blisteringly in-form Siphiwe Tshabalala and of course Willard Katsande in central midfield and goalkeeper Itumeleng Khune have been models of consistency.From the rest with the possible exception of centre-backs Lorenzo Gordinho and Mulomowandau Mathoho it has been a decidedly mixed bag as Amakhosi s last chance at silverware in the league has slipped in the past fortnight.Mphahlele ever the competitor says Chiefs need to at least finish as runners-up to ensure a place in the Champions League. In football you win and sometimes you lose and you don t win trophies the defender said. But when you are playing for Kaizer Chiefs you are expected to win and there are no excuses. The most important thing is for the team to win trophies."We re disappointed when we don t. Because there are players there are facilities there s everything that you need to win the league and win cups at Chiefs. If it doesn t happen we ll be very disappointed but guess what next season we will go again and we ll work harder."And I ll tell you we will win something we will win a cup we will win the league. We have to just work hard and keep pushing because if you give up in football you are in the wrong business. If we make the Champions League spot this season it s good for the club then we can compete (in Africa). So the last four games are very important and crucial for us so that we can finish up with the top clubs. Chiefs are in fourth place in the PSL on 46 points from 26 games six points behind leaders Bidvest Wits and five off the pace of second-placed Mamelodi Sundowns who both have a game in hand. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport