Daine Klate has done more for Gavin Hunt than any other player Hunt conceded of the contribution the now six league title-winning winger has had for the Bidvest Wits coach.Hunt though said that in his own words he had to have his boot up Klate s posterior at times this season to get the best from a player with whom the coach now shares four championship medals.Klate won his sixth league medal and scored the second goal in Wits Absa Premiership-clinching 2-0 win against Polokwane City at Bidvest Stadium on Wednesday night.Afterwards the left wing the most decorated footballer in PSL history revealed that he and Hunt have had their run-ins this season.Disciplinarian Hunt known for pushing his players to the limit on the training field also said he had given special attention to motivating Klate at some stage this season during which the player s wife and children moved back to his original home in Port Elizabeth. My relationship with him is my Size 8 foot up his backside the hard-to-please Hunt said. He waned a little bit this year he knows that then he came back a little bit. And then tonight is the game and he did it because that s where he s good. Actually Daine shouldn t train Monday to Friday he should just come Saturdays because in my opinion he s better (that way). But ja he waned a bit and his family has moved down home (to PE) and he lost his way a bit off the field. Now he s OK. But he knows and I ve told him he s done more for me than anybody in my life. But if he doesn t do it he s out. So he s got to do it still and he s got to maintain the hunger. If he loses the hunger he won t play. After being red-carded in Wits crucial 1-0 win at home to Mamelodi Sundowns on May 1 Klate served a two-match suspension then came off the bench in a 3-1 defeat away against Free State Stars.Hunt turned to his winger with a Midas touch to start in the clincher against Polokwane and Klate produced the goods playing a key role in the victory and making the game safe with the Clever Boys 61st-minute second goal. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport 