While she trended on social media and got television viewers buzzing, Our Perfect Wedding's new presenter Nomsa Buthelezi locked herself in a room and switched off her phone.So nervous was the actress-cum-presenter of her debut on the popular Mzansi Magic show on Sunday night that she didn't want to take calls or see herself on the small screen."I just could not watch myself presenting the show. Honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I was just overwhelmed. On the other side, my mother and my kids were jumping up and down with joy. My mother did not understand why I was not looking forward to seeing myself."Buthelezi took over from Thembisa Mdoda who is on a 13-week break from the wedding show.Buthelezi said she was aware she would forever be compared to Mdoda, who she believes is one of the most talented presenters. Mdoda won the best presenter award at the SA Film and Television Awards in March."The production team told me to just be myself. They told me not to try matching Thembisa. I was wondering if I will meet the grade. I mean Thembisa speaks Oxford English, while I'm just a kasie girl," joked Buthelezi.The experienced actress who grew up being mocked by other kids because of her weight said she was not sure how the public would react. However, she didn't have to worry as most gave her the thumbs-up on social media.Buthelezi believed she was setting a new trend that "big girls" have what it takes. "Appearing on TV will encourage all fuller-figured girls that it's possible that you can be on television and look fabulous. And if they have confidence, there is nothing that stops them."Her wardrobe is taken care of by stylist Tshidi Molubi.Buthelezi has shot six episodes so far. She pointed out that she was nervous on her debut in Free State. That episode was flighted on Sunday.Buthelezi said Mzansi Magic do not usually start the new season with the first episode a presenter shoots, but the channel flighted her first episode because she did it justice. "... they take the third episode where a presenter has settled in and put it first. The first one is slotted in the middle. When they called me to break the news, I said to myself ... girl uyishayile [you did it]."Buthelezi was so comfortable that she quickly created her own closing link - pop mabhodlela, pop champagne ... abantu bashadile [pop bottles, pop the champagne ... people are married].Before landing the job she auditioned three times.Mzansi Magic PR manager Nondumiso Mabece said they looked forward to the rest of the season."Buthelezi's first episode was well received by viewers who previously experienced her as an actress . She can go from strength to strength."