Kaizer Chiefs may be in a rebuilding phase but their former La Liga left-back Tsepo Masilela still believes the team have blown their opportunity at a league title in 2016-17.Former Getafe defender Masilela acknowledged that there have been a lot of changes at Amakhosi in the past two seasons with a lot of new players and a coach finding his feet at Chiefs after many years spent at smaller clubs in Steve Komphela.However if Chiefs do not win the Absa Premiership in 2016-17 where their last-gasp goals conceded in a defeat against Cape Town City and draw against SuperSport United have seen them adrift in the race Masilela believes Amakhosi have only themselves to blame.Masilela was asked to compare a Chiefs team that has seen some big clearouts in players and many new signings to the side he played under when Amakhosi won league and cup doubles under Stuart Baxter in 2012-13 and 2014-15. It s always nice when you win and when you get that taste you want it over and over again. But it s football he said. How can I put it? Maybe success comes in cycles. You will see a team dominating for three years and then the next three years it s another team. Maybe this was one of those where we had to rebuild and we had a new coach and players and lots of changes. Asked if the rebuilt Chiefs who had a poor start to the season but enjoyed a 12-match unbeaten run in 2017 can compete as they are next season the Bafana Bafana 2010 World Cup left-back said: I think we ve got enough quality to challenge next season. Even this season we had a great opportunity. If you check our schedule it was not as hectic as Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits (who competed in Africa). At some point they were having to travel. I think we gave it away if I must be honest. We were playing on the weekend and with no midweek games. We were fresh. It s just that we ve played lots of draws and we gave too many games away. Chiefs are on 46 points from 26 games five points behind leaders Wits on 51 and four behind second-placed Sundowns on 50 who both have a game in hand. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport