A lion locked its jaws around his tamer's throat and dragged him across the circus ring in front of horrified families midway through a live show in Doullens, northern France on Sunday afternoon. The distressing scenes, posted to Facebook by Sevda Binici, show the tamer being attacked by the male cat as onlookers rushed out of their seats.'It's my girl who screams in the video, she cried all night,' wrote Binici.Sevda BiniciMa fille veux plus aller voir le cirque :-( a fait peur aux enfants :-(Smoke was pumped into the arena to distract the lion and the tamer was able to get away.The man was deeply wounded and was rushed to hospital with serious injuries, according to Daily Mail A representative for the circus said the tamer had been working with lions for years. Also read: 'Don't even stop to answer call of nature' - warning issued after lions escape Escaped lions attack cattle in KomatipoortFacts about circus animal abuse compiled by global movement DoSomething.org.1. Circus animals have the right to be protected and treated humanely under the Animal Welfare Act.2. Tigers naturally fear fire, but they are still forced to jump through fire hoops in some circuses and have been burned while doing so.3. Circuses are repeatedly cited by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) under the Animal Welfare Act for trailers that have splintering wood and sharp, protruding metal pieces near animals' cages.4. Trainers use whips, tight collars, muzzles, electric prods, bullhooks and other painful tools of the trade to force animals to perform.5. In more than 35 dangerous incidents since 2000, elephants have bolted from circuses, run amok through streets, crashed into buildings, attacked members of the public, and killed and injured handlers.6. Every major circus that uses animals has been cited for violating the minimal standards of care set by the United States Animal Welfare (AWA).7. 11 months a year they travel over long distances in box cars with no climate control; sleeping, eating, and defecating in the same cage.8. Virtually 96% of a circus animal s life is spent in chains or cages.9. Since 1990, there have been more than 123 documented attacks on humans by captive large cats in the United States, 13 of which resulted in fatal injuries.10. During the off-season, animals used in circuses may be housed in small traveling crates. Such confinement has harmful psychological effects on them. These effects are often indicated by unnatural behavior such as repeated swaying, and pacing.11. Lack of exercise and long hours standing on hard surfaces are major contributors to foot infections and arthritis, the leading causes of death among captive elephants.