A low risk tournament in terms of security and financial exposure and a high earning yield are key elements of SA Rugby s impressive Rugby World Cup 2023 bid that was formally presented in Dublin on Tuesday.Less than a month after receiving national government s official support to bid for RWC 2023 SA Rugby presented its bid book with high expectations. SA Rugby shied away from emotion in the dossier rather letting the facts and figures tell the story of a tournament that could eclipse all others if it is held in South Africa in six years time. South Africa will be the most profitable World Cup ever because we will be able to produce the tournament at 50% of the cost of any of the European bids SA Rugby Chief executive Jurie Roux told Times Media Digital. If you look at price parity we are one third of Europe."In other words a tourist will be able to come to South Africa for three weeks for the equivalent cost of one week in Europe. There is no compromise in quality because our hotel rooms are the same standard and double the size. Our bid is based on six points the best facilities the biggest profit a beneficial cost advantage (price parity) a country advantage in that we are a rugby country and embrace the sport; a unique experience country due to all the tourist attractions away from the event and we re a major event country because we have successfully hosted the football rugby and cricket World Cups in the past. We believe that commercially we have the strongest bid. SA s bid exceeds just about all of World Rugby s requirements for staging the global showpiece thanks largely to the legacy of recently hosting the 2010 FIFA World Cup. Stadiums hotels airports and other infrastructure are well in place along with other considerations such as security issues that are plaguing Europe at the moment all advance South Africa s case. In terms of costs it will be relatively cheap to stage. The building blocks are already in place Roux who presented the book with SA s Irish ambassador Ahlangene Cyprian Sigcau said. No infrastructure spend would be required and the economic impact study we have commissioned from Grant Thornton has a good news story to tell South Africa. We predict that hosting Rugby World Cup 2023 would have a R27.3bn direct indirect and induced economic impact on South Africa; R5.7bn would flow to low income households; 38 600 temporary or permanent jobs would be sustained and there d be an estimated R1.4bn tax benefit to government. The final hurdle in SA Rugby s path was to have full government endorsement which new Minister of Sport and Recreation Thulas Nxesi granted earlier this month.Having government underwrite the costs of the tournament was essential. If I were to draw on my experiences from the Soccer World Cup in 2010 in terms of nation building we saw both black and white in the stands supporting Bafana Bafana and enjoying the football Nxesi said. The legacy of that tournament amongst black and white is very important."A big part of that legacy is the stadia that were built which means that we have the necessary infrastructure in place already and we don t have to start from scratch. It means the hosting costs would be seriously reduced and I believe that the hosting of the Rugby World Cup in 2023 can also leave a huge legacy and make a big impact just like soccer did (in 2010). The bid is up against Ireland and France. Both are northern hemisphere bids which also makes the South African bid attractive. The weighty dossier (literally it came in at 8.2kg) has ticked every box required not least of which is the 120m (R2.2bn) guarantee that World Rugby requires from the winning applicant as its fee . In line with World Rugby's selection procedure all bids will be reviewed in detail by a specialist technical review group and independently assessed to ensure a fair and consistent approach to the decision-making process. The process now is an evaluation by a committee followed by a period of clarification questions Roux said. Post that there is still time to sign the commercial and participation agreements by the end of July and then the committee will make further recommendations to the Rugby World Cup Board. There will then be a public announcement on who the preferred candidate is which makes it almost impossible for the council to vote another way. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport