Slain former Generations star Mandla Hlatshwayo lost his life to a gun much like his father 18 years ago, coincidentally in a cellphone robbery that went wrong.Yesterday the family of Hlatshwayo - a well known club deejay and lately Jozi FM presenter - struggled to come to terms with their successive cellphone robbery tragedy.Hlatshwayo was shot on Sunday night outside a pub, Meli Lounge, in Pimville, Soweto. His friend Oupa "Chom Chom" Duma was also shot dead. The two were trying to intervene when patrons were being robbed of cellphones. Both died on the scene, according to police.Hlatshwayo's uncle Jabulani Hlatshwayo told Sowetan that the family was saddened by Mandla's death and how he had died.He said the family was wondering if bad luck was following them after Hlatshwayo's father was killed a few metres from their home in Chiawelo, Soweto, for his cellphone."My brother died in a gun shooting in 1999. And the incident affected Mandla. Years later, Mandla also dies the same way," he said.According to Jozi FM's chief executive officer, Mpho Mhlongo, Hlatshwayo went to Meli Lounge because he had a meeting."As Jozi FM, we were preparing to host an event and we sent him to check on prizes and other logistics."He was supposed to return to us with information and it did not happen."Mhlongo said he got a call around 11.30pm notifying him about Hlatshwayo's death."When I got there, I found his body lying outside the venue, and there was another body inside. I learned that there was an attempted robbery of some ladies who were leaving the pub. They were screaming, Mandla went to intervene. He was shot while trying to intervene," Mhlongo said.He said the robbers shot Hlatshwayo, took his shoes and fled on foot.Police spokesman captain Hitler Mgwenya said the shooting occurred after four armed men attempted to rob patrons just outside the pub."A case of murder has been opened for further investigation," he said.No one has been arrested.Shirley Pebble Nkotsi released a statement on behalf of Meli Lounge sending condolences to the families of Hlatshwayo and Duma."We also plead with our friends to respect both families. The pub will be closed till further notice," Nkotsi said.Hlatshwayo shot to fame in the late 1990s playing the role of Simphiwe Khoza on Generations.He also appeared in the first and second series of Soul City as Simon.