Seychelles and Mauritius might have to be content with hosting beach soccer and women s competitions for now while Southern Africa s most prestigious tournament the Cosafa Cup continues to rotate among the region s bigger countries.From what Cosafa president Phillip Chiyangwa is saying the Council of Southern Africa Football Associations currently does not view smaller countries among it s 14 member nations - Madagascar Comoros and perhaps even Swaziland and Malawi - as worthy or capable of hosting their headline competition. We're not far off New Zealand teams says the Stormers Chiyangwa was plain-spoken in his assessment of why since the Cosafa Cup took on a tournament format hosted by a single country in 2008 it has been staged three times by South Africa with Zimbabwe Angola Zambia and Namibia hosting one each. Seychelles and Mauritius all the (tournaments) that you see awarded are based on people bidding that we want to participate in this Chiyangwa who ousted Suketu Patel of Seychelles as Cosafa president at the body s congress at Sun City in December said. You can t just be given a competition when you don t even have a stadium. They are asking to be given beach soccer and women s competitions I know that Seychelles are taking a women s competition. There are things that they can do successfully."Remember people must go to a country where they have to stay nicely and so forth and all those are considerations before granting a competition. Astonishingly Chiyangwa revealed that the 2017 Cosafa Women s Championship to be hosted by his association Zimbabwe was awarded by a telephone call between himself and Patel. New Bafana coach Stuart Baxter to visit overseas stars Asked if smaller countries do put in bids to host the Cosafa Cup Chiyangwa replied: They ask for certain competitions. For instance I (Zimbabwe) was given the senior women s competition in September. Why?"Because it has happened there successfully in 2011 (and 2015). And Patel on his own made that decision and phoned me and asked me if I wanted to accept that. And I said OK let s do it . So we re doing it. Chiyangwa said any country bidding for a Cosafa Cup stands a fair chance. Oh yes. Any country embarking on an investment just like what Zambia has done deserves to be given some support and competitions he said.The president s assessment that small countries like Mauritius and Seychelles who have economies based on tourism might not have the infrastructure is surprising. Baxter must live with the cynism The Cosafa Cup being held in Rustenburg in June and July this year for the second time usually requires just two stadium venues and these are rarely filled.As for why South Africa hosts the event every two to three years Chiyangwa was vague and suggested sponsorship issues the Cosafa Cup is sponsored by Castle Lager played a role. Administratively the person in the office will say 'I have these competitions'."Cosafa does not just operate on its own or make a decision on its own the president said. We ve got a company that is contracted to carry out marketing and sponsorship bills."It is paid as a commission for that. That s the company that comes back to us and says That client of ours is still keen to carry on . And for instance if there is no client or no suitor or bidder or sponsor where do we go then? Because we need to pay these countries who compete (in the Cosafa Cup) if they win they get a pay cheque. The 2008 Cosafa Cup was held in Mpumalanga. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport