South Africa s Under-20 team left for their final preparation camp in South Korea ahead of the Fifa U-20 World Cup with just one warm-up international friendly confirmed against Costa Rica.Coach Thabo Senong however said he was not concerned about arranging potentially two more friendly games while his team are based in South Korea for the next 10 days ahead of their first match of the tournament against Japan in Suwon on May 21.Senong is pinning his hopes on lining up one of the qualified teams from the U-20 World Cup who will also be in Korea concluding their preparations.Costa Rica reached the U-20 tournament as one of the four top teams from the 2017 Concafaf (Central and North American) U-20 Championship in March. No friendly confirmed yet Senong said ahead of the Amajita s departure for Korea from OR Tambo International Airport on Wednesday. But as soon as we land in Korea there are probably about 12 countries who are preparing there also. So there are a lot of opportunities to play other friendlies and all the other friendlies will be confirmed as soon as we arrive in Korea. But at the moment Costa Rica are confirmed."They are a very good team very aggressive and will hopefully reproduce the same situations that we will face against Uruguay and the Italians. They are very aggressive and very organised when they defend and that is what we are going to deal with in every match. Senong had to leave without three key players Bidvest Wits Phakamani Mahlambi and Reeve Frosler and Teboho Mokoena of SuperSport United who had been withheld from the preparation camp by their PSL clubs.He thanked those clubs who have released players early for SA s first appearance at the U-20 World Cup since 2009. We are obviously excited that we are now going to the World Cup. But we must say a big thank you to the clubs because remember players belong to clubs the coach said. And thank you to the youth coaches for looking after these boys every day and to PSL coaches for guiding them."They are looking good looking fit and they are looking motivated. We are looking forward to a fruitful tournament. This is the biggest U-20 showpiece in the world so we are looking forward to our players showing their talent there. Hopefully they will get more recognition from their respective senior clubs and maybe also from overseas scouts."This is a big moment for the boys. We are looking forward to a good tournament. After Japan SA meet Italy in Suwon on May 24 then Uruguay in Incheon on May 27 in Group D.Amajita played German side VfL Bochum Dutch club PEC Zwolle and an Amsterdam select side in a camp in Holland earlier this month. - TMG Digital/TMG Sport