Orlando Pirates and Platinum Stars shared the spoils when they played to a 1-1 draw in their Absa Premiership encounter here last night. In front of a paltry crowd, Bucs skipper Thabo Matlaba led by example by opening the scoring with a fantastic left-footed finish a minute into the second half, but their joy was short-lived when Bonginkosi Ntuli equalised when he fired home from close range just three minutes later. Pirates, who are one of the frontrunners in the league, were expected to collect points against the league's winless bottom side. The home side started with their regulars except for Lindokuhle Mtshali. The 19-year-old was making his debut as he started at right back.ADVERTISINGinRead invented by Teads Mpho Makola could have put the Buccaneers in front early on, but his attempt to lob goalkeeper Dino Visser wasn't successful as the latter tracked back to make a save. Thamsanqa Gabuza could have done better in the 14th minute, but fluffed his chance by firing over the bar from inside the box. It was all Pirates in the first half. Matlaba showed quick feet to create space for himself in the 37th minute and tried his luck with a low shot, but Visser got down to make another save. With all due respect to both teams, there was nothing exciting about the first half but that was quickly forgotten with two goals early in the second stanza from either side. Matlaba put Pirates ahead with a thunderous strike, but Ntuli immediately cancelled out his opener. Makola could have restored Pirates' lead on the hour mark, but saw his free kick crash against the crossbar. Dikwena skipper Vuyo Mere then hit the side netting with about 10 minutes of regulation time remaining. The home fans were not pleased by coach Milutin Sredojevic's decision to take off Thabo Qalinge with seven minutes remaining to be replaced by young striker Lyle Foster. Predictably, there were no further goals with the sides settling for a point each. Pirates head into the Soweto Derby against rivals Kaizer Chiefs here on Saturday on the back of an unimpressive result. Chiefs, on the other hand, got a confidence booster by beating Mamelodi Sundowns 2-1 in Pretoria on Tuesday. If these results are anything to go by, Pirates will be on the back foot.