The Organisation Undoing Tax Abuse (Outa) says civil society must fight even harder to stop the nuclear deal following revelations that the cabinet reshuffle by President Jacob Zuma was orchestrated by Russian President Vladimir Putin. Outa chairman Wayne Duvenage said the organisation was not surprised by reports of Russian influence over government.  “If that is the case‚ we are not surprised. It does give an indication to the extent of state capture. Government is now being influenced not only by people from India‚ but also by other political forces from other countries. If that is the case‚ it is shocking and absolutely unacceptable‚” Duvenage said. “It does highlight the extent of the nuclear deal that the Russians are really trying to push as far as they can. We will have to work harder as civil society to fight off this absolutely unnecessary expenditure and interference in our economy.”  The Sunday Times reported that Zuma reshuffled his cabinet this week after meeting a delegation from the Russian government. The Sunday Times revealed that a high-level Russian team met Zuma on Monday just before he told the ANC top six about his decision to make changes to his cabinet. Government insiders said the group came to the country to warn Zuma’s administration to implement the R1-trillion new nuclear build project. Following the meeting‚ Zuma announced the removal of Mmamoloko Kubayi from the energy portfolio to the communications ministry. She was replaced by former state security minister David Mahlobo‚ who was trained in Russia after taking up the intelligence post in 2014.  Democratic Alliance shadow minister on energy Gordon Mackay said Zuma had to remove the former energy minister Kubayi because she had was not making any progress on the nuclear deal. Mackay said there were about five pieces of legislation that needed to be changed for the nuclear deal to go ahead. “Kubayi was not taking that process forward … They have to amend regulations on procurement. They have to update the electricity pricing path. There has to be a public participation process that has to take place before the nuclear deal can go ahead. “Since 2014‚ every time Mr Zuma has visited Russia‚ Mr Mahlobo was present. We are not surprised that Mr Mahlobo is the preferred candidate of the Russians to head up the Department of Energy and drive the nuclear deal. “We have this morning taken the decision to re-engage with our counsel. Our counsel is studying the report of the Sunday Times at the moment. Fundamentally‚ our position remains unchanged – nuclear is bad. The deal is corrupt and we will do everything in our power to make sure that it never happens‚” Mackay said. Other changes made by Zuma in his cabinet reshuffle included the dismissal of SA Communist Party general secretary Blade Nzimande from higher education.  Nzimande was replaced by former home affairs minister Hlengiwe Mkhize. Ayanda Dloldo replaced Mkhize at home affairs.  