To win against Platinum Stars tomorrow night, Orlando Pirates players just need to avoid deviating from 'Micho's master plan,' says defender Innocent Maela. Coach Milutin Sredojevic will expect no less than maximum points when the Buccaneers take on the winless Dikwena at the FNB Stadium (7.30pm) in an Absa Premiership fixture. Pirates will resume their spirited league campaign after an impressive start to life under Sredojevic with three wins, three draws and a loss. "It's going to be a very challenging game for us, but we feel that with all the preparations we have done, we are ready. We know that if we do things right and listen to the coaches' instructions we'll get all three points," Maela said."ADVERTISINGinRead invented by Teads He was speaking at the draw of the Telkom Knockout where the Sea Robbers were drawn against Golden Arrows in the first round. The Soweto club will have the opportunity for a first cup run under their Serbian tactician. "It gives us an opportunity to win silverware and to reclaim our pride," the 25-year-old defender continued. "It's a very long season and we all know we don't come from a good season. We have left all that in the past and are now focused on what we have to do - which is to prepare well and go into games confident we can win." Meanwhile, Dikwena coach, Roger de Sa, got a chance to conduct his first training camp during the three week Fifa break since arriving to replace Peter Butler. The Phokeng-based outfit are bottom of table with five losses, two draws and no win. "With every game it's an opportunity to get that win. We keep on believing that it is coming. "As soon as we turn that corner, I think we will have enough to go on a bit of a run," said De Sa, in statement sent out by Stars. "It was a good break for us. It gave us a little bit of time to work on a few things and get a few players to recover. "We did play some good friendlies. We have had two friendly matches. "We tried to cover as much as we could with what we have. I think it was a good week overall."