President Jacob Zuma has again defied the ANC and reshuffled his cabinet. Sowetan can also reveal that ANC officials advised Zuma against moving David Mahlobo from state intelligence to the energy portfolio. The majority of the top officials apparently told Zuma his move might create uncertainty in the country and cause further division in the tripartite alliance. On top of that, they warned him that the timing was wrong. But Zuma went ahead and made changes - notably removing SACP general secretary Blade Nzimande "There was no agreement," said a party insider privy to discussions at Monday's meeting of the ANC's top leadership. Yesterday ANC secretary-general Gwede Mantashe said Zuma "informed them" about the reshuffle, meaning he did not consult them. Mantashe told journalists that it was unfortunate that this time around they could not delay Zuma like they did when he informed them earlier this year that he wanted to make changes to his cabinet. Yesterday's reshuffle saw Nzimande fired as minister of higher education, while three ministers who were appointed in March, the last time Zuma reshuffled the cabinet, were moved to new portfolios. "[The] ANC top six was informed. The reality is that he [Nzimande] has been removed from that portfolio and we are saying it's a pity that he has been removed. "He is a cadre of our movement. He is talented. We hope he will not resign from parliament. "We need all that energy in parliament. He has done well in education," Mantashe said. He added that Zuma's move would further deepen the divisions in the alliance. "This reshuffle will undo some investment in sustaining the alliance," said Mantashe, who added that he did not know how the SACP was going to react to the news because "the alliance had committed to a political council before December and [we] hope the party [SACP] will not change its mind". When asked about the ministers who were moved around after being appointed just six months ago, he said that it was a formula for instability. "It cannot be correct," Mantashe said. "If it was up to us, these ministers were supposed to have been kept in those places for a long time - that allows stability. They will also get to understand their portfolios," he said. On Human Settlements Minister Lindiwe Sisulu's comments that he did not understand the ANC because he never went into exile, Mantashe took a swipe back at her, saying some people's contributions to the Struggle were not recognised because some of them had worked for the royal family. "You work for the royal family and you become an invisible contributor. "The royal family takes credit on your behalf."