A Vanderbijlpark police constable has told of how he survived a brutal attack by a man he had previously arrested for drug dealing. The constable was among a group of police officers who were assaulted by alleged drug dealers in a video that went viral last week. He was allegedly stabbed with a broken beer bottle in the neck and repeatedly hit with a wheel spanner on his head. The officers were apparently confronted by about 100 men in Deforest Street, where they were conducting a raid on one of the houses. The group accused the police of being behind the death of Ibrahim Olamilekan Badmus, 25, at the house. Speaking for the first time to Sowetan yesterday, the police constable, who cannot be named as he was not authorised to speak to the media, said he was among those called to act as backup at the house that was being raided. He said the situation reached boiling point when a group of alleged drug peddlers arrived on the scene and found Badmus lying on the floor. "When I got there at the scene I was accosted by a Nigerian national whom I previously arrested for drug dealing. He then asked whether I have seen what my colleagues have done. "I told him to stop fighting the police," the constable said. "He started to attack me, saying I must also die. While I was trying to move away from him he attacked me with a beer bottle. "I was also hit on my head with a wheel spanner. At the time I had already handed over my service firearm to a warrant officer who was at the scene because they were outnumbering us. "I thought they might overpower me and take the firearm, and use it against me." Six police officers were injured while two police vehicles were damaged during the fracas and a police firearm was reported stolen. The constable, who was still on sick leave yesterday, suffered deep wounds on his head and neck and had to get stitches in hospital. Yesterday, the officers met with Gauteng MEC for community safety Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane. "If your life is in danger don't hesitate to use that gun because why should you be beaten up with a gun on your hip." Nkosi-Malobane posted on Twitter last night, confirming that the three men who attacked the police officer were arrested. Emfuleni mayor Simon Mofokeng said the area has been "hijacked". "It's even called Lagos, meaning that it is the capital of Nigerian nationals. Those who are in our country for illegal activities must pack and leave, we will not tolerate such behaviour." Nigerian Union South Africa president Olubajo Adetola claimed Badmus was tortured by police.  Police raiding a drug house in Vanderbijlpark, in turn thugs organised themselves against police.The centre is not holding. @Julius_S_Malema https://t.co/8amnzyZGe0 Oh Boy! Nigerians squeezing Police at vanderbijlpark yesterday. These Nigerians are out of order. https://t.co/qvaS4cTKoU