A boisterous President Jacob Zuma rode out a political storm surrounding his latest cabinet reshuffle during the unveiling of ANC stalwart Oliver Tambo's statue at the OR Tambo International Airport in Ekurhuleni yesterday. A boisterous President Jacob Zuma rode out a political storm surrounding his latest cabinet reshuffle during the unveiling of ANC stalwart Oliver Tambo's statue at the OR Tambo International Airport in Ekurhuleni yesterday. Zuma was in a jovial mood as he entered the international arrivals terminal to unveil the full-size statue depicting Tambo coming off a plane holding a suitcase. Zuma is facing criticism after his cabinet reshuffle that saw SACP general secretary Blade Nzimande removed as higher education minister this week. He was flanked by the Tambo family, Minister in the Presidency Jeff Radebe, Transport Minister Joe Maswanganyi and Ekurhuleni mayor Mzwandile Masina, among others, at the ceremony. Earlier, Zuma unveiled a bust of Tambo and renamed the Air Traffic and Navigation Services auditorium after him. ANC treasurer-general and presidential hopeful Zweli Mkhize walked side by side with Zuma to the white marquee where he delivered a keynote address.     Zuma described Tambo as a disciplined and highly principled leader who became the glue that held the many facets of the ANC together during a difficult period. Zuma was appointed by Tambo to head ANC intelligence. "He became a capable pastor to all the strands of the broad ANC church. It is clear to me and all of us who had the rare privilege to be led by this giant, that he was a leader who had a calling to serve the people of South Africa. "He knew that South Africa and its people did not owe him anything; hence he served his people with love and selflessness," Zuma said. The irony in Zuma's remarks is that he has been accused of using his position to serve his personal interests and enrich himself, his family and friends. He has also been blamed for the continuing infighting in the ANC. Zuma used the occasion to condemn the reported incidents of crime at the airport. "Some local and international passengers have been attacked leaving the airport. We take this crime very seriously. Law enforcement agencies have been instructed to ensure that such attacks come to an end and that criminals are brought to book and indeed a team has been assembled from all agencies to work on this critical intervention." Tambo's son Dali told guests he had campaigned for 11 years to have the statue of his father at the airport.