Blue Bulls head coach John Mitchell is under no illusions as to what his side will expect in Saturday’s Currie Cup semifinal against the Sharks‚ but knows the hosts will be under pressure to deliver. The Sharks were the trendsetters for the better part of the season and in their 10-match unbeaten run that earned them a home playoff did the round-robin double over the Bulls. Over the years‚ the Currie Cup has thrown up some strange results but it’s been difficult for travelling teams to win playoff matches. The Sharks were the last side to win a final away from home four years ago in Cape Town while Western Province are the only side who have won semifinals on the road in the past five years.ADVERTISINGinRead invented by Teads Mitchell said the Sharks are the favourites and cannot be written off despite their unexpected 31-20 home loss to Western Province last week. “The Sharks do have their own pressures because they set the standard in the competition and we spent much of the tournament chasing them‚” Mitchell said. “They got there very early and they deserved to do so. We’re very intuitive in the way that we’re playing and to me that’s a good sign. The gain line is going to be important because that’s a big strength of the Sharks. We’re going to have to be clean and strong defensively. “If you’re a betting man and a layman‚ you wouldn’t put money on us and you’d put on the Sharks. “Testament to the player's commitment and character after the loss to Western Province‚ the players have remained on task and they have individually seeked to get better.” If lock Aston Fortuin shrugs off his ankle sprain‚ Mitchell will have the luxury of fielding an unchanged side. Fortuin has been bracketed with Jannes Kirsten and if he is declared fit Fortuin will take his place in the starting 23. Sharks coach Robert du Preez made three changes to the side that lost to Western Province‚ with Jean-luc du Preez‚ Louis Schreuder and Kobus van Wyk replacing Jacques Vermeulen‚ Michael Claassens and Odwa Ndungane respectively. Du Preez said they will have to up their game after their disappointing showing against John Dobson's side and is wary of a free scoring Bulls side. “A lot has been said about the way they play and there's been a lot of talk about their dangerous back three. We're going to have to stop them but we've done a lot of work in terms of how we want to do that. They won't deviate from stuff that's worked for them‚” Du Preez said. “We're not going to go away from what's worked for us and our game management is very important. We've also got our pack to give us the dominance.” Sharks: 15 Garth April‚ 14 Kobus van Wyk‚ 13 Lukhanyo Am‚ 12 Marius Louw‚ 11 Sbu Nkosi‚ 10 Curwin Bosch‚ 9 Louis Schreuder‚ 8 Dan du Preez‚ 7 Jean-Luc du Preez‚ 6 Keegan Daniel‚ 5 Ruan Botha‚ 4 Tyler Paul‚ 3 Ross Geldenhuys‚ 2 Franco Marais‚ 1 Thomas du Toit. Subs:  16 Akker van der Merwe‚ 17 Juan Schoeman‚18 John-Hubert Meyer‚ 19 Jean Droste‚ 20 Jacques Vermeulen‚ 21 Michael Claassens‚ 22 Tristan Blewett‚ 23 Odwa Ndungane. Blue Bulls: 15 Warrick Gelant‚ 14 Travis Ismaiel‚ 13 Burger Odendaal (c)‚ 12 JT Jackson‚ 11 Johnny Kotze‚ 10 Marnitz Boshoff‚ 9 Ivan van Zyl‚ 8 Nic de Jager‚ 7 Tim Agaba‚ 6 Marco van Staden‚ 5 Aston Fortuin/Jannes Kirsten‚ 4 Ruben van Heerden‚ 3 Conraad van Vuuren‚ 2 Edgar Marutlulle‚ 1 Pierre Schoeman. Subs:  16 Johan Grobbelaar‚ 17 Lizo Gqoboka‚ 18 Jano Venter‚ 19 Jannes Kirsten/Eli Snyman‚ 20 Piet van Zyl‚ 21 Tony Jantjies‚ 22 Duncan Matthews‚ 23 Jon-Roy Jenkinson. Referee:  Quinton Immelman Assistant referees:  Stuart Berry‚ Cwengile Jadezweni TMO:  Christie du Preez